See
yes ss white s
F
Jak food color
Ch Ag
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Get AAA Lord Health Insurance
[music]
Hama
outside the cabin
For this, Vikas played the first ball off the
Mark Strayed away after two balls, six runs.
This time he took a run after cloning here.
Leg Ba Rup Ra will come
Board
to Salt Ten
So hello and welcome back to watching us
Live I Welcome L The V Spect Watching Us
Live ICC
Locus Premiere
League First Match in Progress
Wem so the first innings 61 four f pink
Panthers and Unison Superstars Chasing the
Target O
62 mute
Batting for Ba Ley Ba
[music]
Got Super Niche
Ba big
sms number
Ball out a back region single
Who will win this time and who will win
necklace and one here
wicket catch catch kay par t out tha gout
And these great catches per step
They did it today
The one in front did the magic
uncontrollable
Pat Loong Na Mo
Wicket two good
[music]
A
Over
step less one over two and two with better
15 pts after two overs
Superstars who have joined us in this
A warm welcome to all, ICICI Bank Broker
This is the first of Lee 2025
Day
Pra Ladi is ready today send the ball today
I will give you the boat
Pass two overs
Ba Sen Rans people
Gun Ya
The superstar tried to make a place this time but
Good bowling here from Hemant Ambekar
This time
only people c
Score of 2 on two y at 2.31
Superstar's Time Slow Release This Chatura's
I have bowled together and bowled very well.
of
is this coat behind
Hot Tus
Out good bowling by Chatura
together
No yes
topping out
T 2.41 F Unison
Superstar 14 Balls 45
Required One Big
over if they last couple of wickets
Now the match of
Batsman Eknath
Last Th Coming
up to outside side tom line wide
Umpire Do The Pa Pati Yan Superstar
But arrived safely and swiftly
The over ends with two runs scored.
Three overs later, 2 for 3 Superstars.
21 Requa 41 runs in 12
B. Score 20 runs per over
41 to get from 12
Balls will give
Gate and Pink Cult is Good Bowling Atk
Today Kanli
RAM setting up the
field so hello good morning and welcome to
ICC Lord Brokes Premier League 2025
Day Day
One phone call, here we go
What did Go Pratik Kadam say?
And once bowling one over, two runs, two wickets
aju go bowling
I will come and see
N las ela ch
Swing I'm Good Bowling From Siddhesh More
This time it's about the big shot.
Tried but could not find the connection
I did not get the timing and I was
Good bowling with back to back double figures
Tax
Back to back dot balls from Siddhesh
More 1.4 for no loss all challengers
Couple of typical rich type of shot
Played two runs and the score is here
15 runs no wickets 1.4 15 f no
Los La
Challenger very good fielding at mudan region
Single Run
So single to end of the over two overs gun 18
For No Los Angeles Challengers
So I welcome all the viewers and spectators
aa watching us on
Anu J
Fsc myl mit solanki yo commenter is back
In Action Once Again Worm Welcome Everyone
ICICI Lombard Brokers Premier
League 2025 Day One in Progress
Just 18 feet
So Gun 24 F No Loss Score O Ella Challengers
Ily the center even dizzle not toss elected to
Feed first allow ala challenger to but
First five overs of this league match in
Progress Second Match Day One
We are the new bowler now Ankur
Jane and the ball stuck to their hands.
Simple
Catch Looking to Play for Big
One short puck ball wanted to pull and
The wicket was broken and the first wicket fell.
Challenger Lust First Wicket 24 F
One hundred sprouts
Strikes Simple Cash Taken at Swell Region
Play towards long for single
Runs 3.3 26 on one here score allowed
Challengers
3.3 Second Match in Progress Day
One's Very Good Bowling Block
Hol Ankur Jan Umpire Singling
Twenty-two Ankur Jan with seven number jersey lo for
Region
region to wicket inside edge to gun backward
Region's Good Stop
There and Couple of Ras
Ella at a loss on Tekken 3 The Pa 29
of the Challengers
Score this last ball Ankur Jan mere
Four runs in this over, managed to take a wicket
The over will end with a hot ball after
Four Overs 29 For and Ella Challengers
So you are watching ICICI Lombard
Brokers Premier League
2025 A One Match Number Two In
Progress 29 after four overs
Keep aside your laptops today on a Saturday week
Keep your mobile phones away
no work today it's time to
Play This Time Played At Cover Region And Couple
Off Run
Tekken 4.1 31 Fave Ella Challengers
Final over in progress of the first
Inning Good Stop End Follow Through
4.2 Fav La
Challenger vs Single
4.33 Time What Happens Carry Collect
4.4 34 fav the score of l challenge coming up
Last to Ball of the First
inning ts very good tho direct tho and
Couple of good feeding dogs at all of the region
Coming up the final ball of the first inning
4.5 at 36
An Amit
Patkar good batting 16 runs 15 balls
This time we will have to see what the last ball will be.
If they get a chance, they will definitely kill.
four
Excellent bowling by Siddhesh More once
Strongly challenged for the baller and its end of the
First innings: Five overs played, 37 runs out
Target on Guzzlers
38 innings breaks only for
Minutes quickly come to batting n
Dazzlers to Chase
38. We'll Take a Short Break and Come
Please trouble your back once
Yes
What is a businessman and long
[music]
yo
Kir Bo Yol
One Gun 12 for
One so na 26 get from coming four
mite strike
Feb 1.1 16 Feb N Dieseler Just 22 Rus Now
Required in coming 3.5 overs
stole a run by hitting
is 1 p2 fove the score of n
Diesel needs only 21 runs in the next 3 days.
Over
I plan to hit a good ball this time.
Attempt
1.31 score of n
Diesels ICEC Lobar Brokers Premier
League Day One Match Number 1 in
Progress Down the Truck Really Well Played
Well Kung Boundary for Stand and Deliver
Excellent Shot Message
Best powerful blow sent by C Marka
outside the
Run Across The Channel 2 on One Only 17 Required
Cummins 3 p 2 t 20 balls 17
Required this time just o the field
Maiden at four
More amazing shots back to back four run jungle
In Sher Bagh, the peacock batsman hit
Diya two back to back
Four off the 115 off 25 off 10 balls, only 13 runs off Diesel
Need 19 balls 13
Run N Truck
Route o the feeder mid off and comfortable couple of
Run to the end of the over o no looking for
Shri Shri Run
Taken and the End of the
Over Gun 28 A Ler Just Requa Na Nas
Match Absolute Fantastic Performance Fm N
Diesel
You're watching this live on JFSCU
Channel So Ya Can Type J F SC End
ICIC lom bard na you will get the match
Live
Stream All The Specters Watching Us Live
Vam welcome was again do watching live right
Now Saturday Weekend
no work today it's time to
Play with some relief today all the employees
got
So just tend to get now in coming three
Overs Kaushik
Now number five
Jersey Fan of Gautam Gambhir
So just tend to
Get single run with ba
Just Na To Get Na Fum 2.5
Now Mitesh
[music]
Chauhan played in cover and misfielded.
And one more run taken with one free
from to
from the gate 16 balls
Runs, Round, Wickets, Time to Sweep Away
F Region
Singles No Just One Big Hit and Tough Six
Required 15 balls to
Go cracking shot bit of faml der at mid n
Region Mid Of Region So Only Single
A
Gluten 33
2.4 JF to Get
Now kk single taken very good ng between the
wicket
Just to get one boundary and it will end
Off
Match Let's C Stylus Ball Only
3.5 sash more 1 to balls get couple of
hitting a boundary tee shot
Effort but no run so after o 34
Just four to get and two over
Left N Dazzlers
Absolute good performance in the bowling now
with the batting just four runs
Required so you watching ICC Lord
Brokers Premier League 2025
Day One Match Number Two In
Progress Na The New Ball Pawan Gupta
Sumatra won by four runs
directly to the cover's flap
Only three colors are needed to pass one run
This time I picked it up and played it
is out of the boundary or four runs or six runs
for four runs and with this A took the wicket in this match.
has won with nine wickets make some
Nose and Ra
Apple
L'Absolute Fantastic Performance and Coming
did
Match so na by na wicket very well played
Congratulation
So coming up the next match
Now on the stone and once again by Anand Rathi
So now Green Army vs. the Pink
Army IC Lombard Brokers Premier
League 2025 Tus and Offs Second
Match Day
One The First Match Vi Was Between Pink
Panthers and Unison Superstar Pink Panthers
Ba 27 runs second match n dazzle one by na
Wickets now coming up the third
Match Pink Panth vs Anand Ra
Rolls-Royce Sotek Short Break and Come Back
No
Yey too
and just a single run
So one gun fun las Anand Ra
Royals So Once Again Welcome Back to IC
Lord Rokers Premier League Day One Match Number
th in
Progress what a start this is what a good
Electrifying the Environment Good
Support on ya good support here all the
Specters Watching Us
Live Good Start for the Day One and Pink
Panthers absolute good performance today with
The bat and the ball, the one, the first match now
Playing the second match the first match of Anand
Th
Royals no wicket for four after one over
No, Hemant Ambe is coming to bowling
Has it clean?
Bold only gun good
Bowling so Akash Yadav gun good bowling from
Hemant First Ball Strike
1 D 1 F runs 1 wicket loss
Rathi
Roles as the new batsman coming at number
Three Pratik Bhandari
1.14 Fav Anand Ra
Dolls Take First Ball Into The Gap Inside
Out excellent plaid blazer cover for
Run Pratik Bhandari first ball la
Chowk Ek D Do Aa Par Ek Anand Raji
Royals Toss Win by Anand Raj Royals A
Elected to Bat Let's See What Will Be the
Target they will set up for King Panthers
This time good bowling swing and miss
Looking to play once again copy paste shot
of previous
over the
Covers 1.38 Anand Raji
Roy Hemant Ambekar
three balls bowled four for one
Very well played excellent timing
L Gano
And so beautiful, so elegant, so energetic...
Wa Just Looking Like
Or. Fav Anand Ra
Russ La heavy batting Pratik Bhandari and game on
Rath
ball for two fours
This time I played with it, it went very high
Went
The ball went so high that it seemed
came saying hello to Eros
Ho Couple of Rans
Taken
1.5 14 Fave Anand Rachi Rolls Coming at Last
2nd over Hemant Aam Baker run conceded one
wicket
Taken to Play Towards
wa mf f single take
Strike Once Again Make Some No Pratik Bhandari
Good
No batting
Pleasure
Raj on 15 after two overs
a pleasure to be pleased
Royals ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League 2025
So the new ball is coming for the third over
Ram Pratik Bhandari Lets
Sea Setting of the Field Ba Ram
D End of Power Play
Maxman Circle Pho Fad Inside
Circle Tus Very Good Fielding
shot backward point coming back fur to
Lay Inside the Cries Good
running very fast part two of the run
Anand Ranchi Royals will move ahead with the car
2.1
1741 score reached 17 who is in danger
This time he played a great shot and it went
G
Mess Eternally Fantastic Stop Fairly Magical
Si Prateek Bhandari got heavy
Batting Batting Se Bal S 2.2 23
Faw created space this time and played into the gap.
Wanted the ball to go to Punt and take a run
I will strike with Pratik
Bhandari Prateek Bhandari 20 of 8 Balls for
And so he is batting at 250 strike rate
ts
Fantastic Now Chetan Jaiswal
Strike to Gun at Walloon Region Absolute
Fantastic Very Well
Please let us know what you can see while watching
The fielder tries to stop the ball from winning
Race 2 The Cha 28 on a conscious and symbolic
explosive batting
Performance short pitch ball made place fine
the direction in which the ball is going
And it will go out of the boundary for four runs.
back to back for
For lions in the jungles, peacocks in the gardens, Chetan
Jaiswal hit back to back fours
Take two wickets at 32 runs, one last run of this over
Will Ram 17 Runs Concede Expensive
It's a twist and turn but it's good
Bowling and dot balls per over
Ending So After 3 Anand Ra
Royce RC Sia Lombard Brokers
Premiere
League ya watching us live from Fatima
Cricket Ground Vidya R Mumbai And My
Self Commented Mite Solanki Welcoming You L
once again those watching us live now
youtube2 for 32 after three overs
Score after over 32 runs for the loss of one wicket
Anand Rati
Royals Tee
Kadam excellent bowling performance, only four runs
have given
1.1 Pratik Kadam will be very interesting
Vs Pratik Bhandari which Pratik
will win
Chitra with slow bouncer ball
bowled and scored one run
Score ahead with
3rd ODI: Anand Rai Royals
After winning the coin toss he elected to
Bats Cracking Tee
Deep Extra Cover Couple of Runs
Taken
Tee 35 Anand Ra
l Third Match in Progress Day
One of ICC Labad Brokers Premier
League shirt pball looking to play for the big one
Very Good Bowling Pratik
Kadam Absolute Fantastic Bowling
Performance 3.4 35 One The
Score sus time into the block hole but very
Well played two long regions for single run
3.5 36 Anand Raj Coming Up Last Ball of Fo
Over and after this final over
F
partnership
Balls Swing Miss Absle Fantastic Make Some
Every step is just considered
Run round your apple very good balling after four
Overs 36 Fav Anandroll Coming Up The Final Over
of first
Inning Hi
Saturday Weekend Weekend Ka Vaar Kisiki Hogi
Who will win and who will
Losing Coming Up The Final Over Of The First
He played it towards long off.
with just one run
Score ahead
will increase 37 fave after
4.1 Travel High in the Air for a Safe Landing End
Couple of Runs Taken
by Pratik Bhandari batting well 23 o 12
B Batting
Both the batsmen have good touch and let's see
I can reach 50 plus four balls left 39
fur
Forest Hey
Couple of More Runs Taken 4.3 41 F Anand Rathi
Royal Sms Good Bowling Fm
Paras 4.4 41fv Only five runs in this over
Last two balls given 41
Anand Rathi
Royals Once Again Looking for the Big One
completely
Miss Very Good Bowling from Parash
Ram So Coming Up The Last 4.5 42 Fav Chetan
Jaiswal No
Strike couple of runs taken and the end of the
innings
Target for Pink Panthers
We'll take a short break and come back.
Dos watching us
Live this is the third match in
Progress F 44 Fv And Anand Ra Bted
First Pink Cult
45 years we have the two
Batters and Prateek Kadam Absolute Fantastic
Performance First Match Second Match with the
Ball with the bat all round performers
B No
So here we are
Goa Pratik Kadam will take
Ramesh on strike and Akash on non-strike
Yadav started the
Setting up fielding proceedings
Aakash 45 Target To Chase Pink Panthers
to do a little fast
The umpires should start the match as soon as possible.
Instructions and instructions
Dena we have many matches to play coming up
Here We Go First
Ball Spin Attack First Ball Let's Play
Towards Point Region Yes No Yes No
So first let's get into the account of Pt. Pt.
First
Ball One Ball Bold One Funo
Lose now the second ball
Tus Play Towards
Swe're not coming back for three or two
Run to Three Run Taken Excellent Running Between
The Wickets Prati Kadam End
Ramesh two balls four runs no wicket
No, pink [ __ ]
Score a reverse turn and hit a shot
Of
Prayas Good Bowling Excellent Bowling Akash
Yadav
Swing Imus Good
Bowling four balls only four
Run Akash
Yadav made his place this time and went very high.
The ball went so high that it seemed as if Eros
Hello Bal scored a great six runs
Sixer ball went planetarium
in fb ball 10 fur no los pink panthers
Absolute Fantastic
Hit the last ball of the first over
So single to end of the over good start
From Pink Panthers One Gun Plus 34 To Gate
Fum Coming Fore
11 runs no wickets after one over
The Pink Panthers score
34 runs needed in the next four overs
I am here
Short DRM should start
Gaya discussing who will bowl the second over
And now the captain is here in taking wickets.
Will think about the name of the new bowler
IC Lombard Brokers Premier League 2025
Day One match number was in progress
Now in the bowling attack second
Over Mayank Sharma
And the best catch there is.
But excellently taken, catch the first wicket
Fall of the Pink Panthers Looking to Play Big
One's Well
The body of the first wicket taken is symbolized here
Kadam wanted to play it and
These have been
out here you can see the action
Replays are excellent
Catch So 1.1 111
Pink Panthers
Na coming at number three rest
Sacre a de 11 par a 34 to get from
3.5 Just out lay stem line for wide sill
Ba Umpire
There ext bling just over the
stems good start from my sharma
One on two 12 one score pin path na 33
Get Fum Coming
3.4 L Toss Ball
Plaid To Will Go
For Good Feeding
There and Couple of Ras
Taken in a dash of 14 on a pink ball for 31 runs
Now the need is to come na dati over
In the umpire signal for boundary it is gun for
Pho Wa
No. 1.3 16 Fav Pink Panthers
Rest
Squeeze 29 to get form 3.3 now
This time I have made a place for the game, I have played the game
It went beyond the limits
Four very well played excellent shots played
Deep K Pho
Run You Can See The Action
Ripley pulls ball over the
Fielder and To Gunn's power play on taking
Advantage of Play
Shut ball st feed maiden st
back relaxation
can
1.52 Pink Panthers
He has pulled the short pitch ball but his
I want to shoot the ball that sticks to my hands
But what a good catch he took at mid-wicket.
Region Wicket Number Second Full Op
Pant finished with two overs to play, two pinks for 20.
Panthers
You can watch the action replay of the best catch.
There at mid-wicket
and the fall of the second wicket
So after two overs 242 Pink Panthers
25 runs needed in the next three overs
Mahendra started a new wave
The toss ball is very well played flick down
Towards Slack
Region Coming Back For
2.22 seconds for two Pink Panthers, only 20
Run needed, one run shot
This time slow release Chatra with Ne
No one has bowled here, no big runs.
Shot Mane's attempt was totally beaten
batsman
2.3 244 21 to get coming 15 balls
played in the air at long region and couple of
Run
Taken two days ago
two 19
Run 14
Balls plated
Langan Single
2.5 27 P Two Pink Panthers 18 Now To Get
From 2.1
Good Turn Absolute Fantastic Vat Spin
From East
West Absolute Fantastic Turn There From
Sky
Yadav 16 Rans 10
Balls at least fantastic, it was the catch of the
Tournament we can say edge of now what a
Flying
Catch
Absolute Electrifying Athletic Work There
by the
Keeper Went Dive and Taken Flying
Catch Pink Panthers
Lost third wicket
Now caught taken by
Bhupendra 3.3
29 Effort Still on Anandaroll
The Buttle E on
He plays towards deep cover for a single run.
Coming Buck
There was a chance for the run out but good running between the
wickets
3.4 313
So Umpire the Last
decision so umpire decision will be the final
Decision Only Captain Can Speak to the Umpire
So I request Anand Rathi and fielding
Unit A Last Decision
T's Free Hit
Now no ball and single run taken
12 runs needed in the next eight balls.
I bowled well this time.
spin dot ball
12 runs off 7 balls (12 now required form)
Sen
Balls swinging through the sky
Jadav so make some noise for Akash Jadav just
Considered Five
Rans coming up the final over 12 rans to get
from six
Balls this is what quality bowling j
Required Absolute Fantastic Akash Jadhav
Just Considered For Rs 16 runs and one wicket
Bowling Figures
12 runs needed in the last over
Two overs, 16 for one and Mahendra now has another one.
Who will you give the last one to?
Over So Interesting To Watch Now 12 Ras
Required a Two Big Hit Will Be the End of
The Match But Anand Rathi
The Royals won't let this go.
Match 33 for 12 after four overs
Six
Balls Krishna Kumar Yadav now in to the
Attack Here We Go
T Run Very Good Run Bun Wicket Ramesh Hemanth
Just na to get fm fi balls paach gan naran
Just outside of term line white Saba
Umpire Now Required Form File
Balls 5 balls 1 run needed
This time I have played R
Par Chhapra breaking sixer, excellent shot
explosive six runs
It's banging on the roof for six runs
Fantastic
shot maximum to so beautiful so
energetic so fantastic it was just
looking like
So just to run na from four ball very easy
Now that's a good strategy, I'll come back soon.
Run just one run, required balls left
Now One Big
hit change in the course of the
Match Heading To Victory Pink Panthers Again
will win the second match
Now til the fight is on swing in a
Miss Two Balls One
run just a single
Run now the fielders a most we can see
Inside the Circle to Stop the Single
Two Gain One
Run L Route Absolute Fantastic Very Well
Plaid finish of in stall tus gun fur fo
2 One Match Number That Comes to an End Pink Path
Bon bye to wickets will take a shirt break
and come back
Give it a little, Bachmann will lie down early in the field.
Apply
Tuss F Fars
So hello and welcome back once again ICC
Lombard Brokers Premier League 205 Matches
Number Four Day
one so Arjun Sharma no strike Parag non
strike
Here we go make some noise round our apple lets
Play so Kaushik started by first ball one
Run
A hearty welcome to everyone who
I am connected to tell you through Y
Want ICC Lombard Broker
This is the first day of the Premier League 2025.
Match speed post
But this time it was a powerful blow to mid-on.
The fielder stopped the car with a run.
will move forward
Alliance has won the toss and is batting first here.
Challengers and fielding decided
Arjun is on strike
Sharma Kaushik to Arjun
Short pitch ball trying to make big
Direct hate can happen
Some yes no yes no and finally with speed
run race
Lia Three Balls Bo Three Funo Los
Galgar So We Have The Name Changed Parag Gaikwad
And Ubed Samam
Nader the
Opener just outside off, umpire says wide
Ball Umpire Mr. Prashant Reg Late
3 balls 4 runs no wicket
Good bowling there
But after four balls, five runs and no wicket.
No Slade vs Adam Gilchrist
Good shot from behind some balls
F no loss last ball coming of the first
Over ts play towards
midf for single hey ya what happened to one
one with
Free and give a run
Dia end to ras to end of the over so good
Sturt from Galgar make some noise for Obed
Samam Nadar & Para Gaikwad Good Start One
Vaz Gun 11 F No Loss
And there will be one over in power play with only two fielders.
Outside now
Circle good bowling here
with a dot ball along a good line
Denial has begun
NE 1.1 FOR NO LOSS GULGARY
Back to back dot balls, very good start.
Putting Pressure on the Bat Para Gaikwad
there this jwt quality bowling is
Required Very Red to See in Tennis
Cricket
one the two 11 runs any wicket
No, tax
Catch looking to play on side too looking
London Talking
Tokyo and Went High in the Air Top Edge Ton
Bold By
Naka 1.3
Why Can See the Action Ri
Paler looking to play on side top edge
And a good catch taken by one of himself
Cotton
Bold first wicket fall of galgar
So Arjun Sharma come the crease number was from
Galgar 1.31 1.3 at 11
One comment
This time he has played with a light hand.
Direction
I wanted to go for two runs and got
The fielder fumbled a bit and the batsman
Taken
Double vs Couple of Runs 1 Score of 1 over after P
Start
Wreck Hit Could Be Something Different Story Ts
Good Feeding and Only Single
Run so very good and just k three rus and
Coming the final ball of the second
Over now it's coming right around the wicket for the
Left Hand Oye Samam
Nader 1.5 14 Fav
setting still setting or something feeding change
Shot backward D
Backwards talk something different but to wide open
Rim with extra run l now 15 ft after two
Two for 15 after two overs
Just chip down and put in effort but get fired up
Four
Run just a chip shot towards the lung of region
Very Well Played For by Arjun Sharma
Very good shot fantastic
Boundary Long Fielder
Tried by gun for fo
R V Boundy 2 Pd Score Off
Galgar Was Again Cracking
Hit Lung Single
Run Na The New Abhishek
Pandare On
Strike two, loss of two wickets, 20 runs
But
Scored outer edge Good keeping work
There
per biha stems
Two views 21 c
Score IC Lombard Broker Premier
League Day One Match Four in
Progress Shakti and Two Arjun
Very Good Cut Shot Bit
Off misfeed coming buck
The quick running between the wickets Arjun and
Abhishek very good
Running couple or run score increased by 23 points
2.4 Long Shot Good Stop At
Covers only a single 2.5 24 runs 2 wickets
The score here is at a loss.
Now we have to see
place-making game
Diya Daga said out from rest, rest
Batting
Karo Na Do Do Galgar 26
Score
3.26 Couple of wickets late C Arjun
Sharma Abhishek Do Something Special in This Match
ts will go for four runs very well played
Excellent
Timing Just Talking About Something Special
Yes this is a special boundary from Arjun
Sharma 3.3 342
Galgar now coming right tum round the
wicket denial
Just a single run a side
Edge short backward point shot to third man
Single 3.4 at 31
Two good bowling performances ruled out here
by 1.4 runs and taking two wickets
He has succeeded in taking two
wicket and once outside edge of the arm and
A run, pushed to short third man.
Of
with 3.5 32 ft now
from Coming Three Overs
after two overs for 16
One ICICI on 16 after two overs
Lombard Rockers Premier League 2024 Day One
Match number four is
on after
Excellent little late from long on only a
Single run ya to aur awaz aa r to e ho raha hai
feces
whenever you go
2.3 Fat Ala Challenge 22 Now Get From 2.3
It's end of innings by Satya Singh catch
Sandeep is from B.V.
Two daughters at 18
22 runs and 15 balls
M
5 23
Fatu Ala
Challenger 17 to Get From Now 13
Balls Single
Run so single to end of the over th o gun 24 16
Run Required from Coming
Bus B
16 runs needed in the next two overs
It remains to be seen that Amit Patkar and
Prasad this match
There will be something in the front or some bowling
Was the magic successful in taking the wicket or not?
Ridesh
Patil short chuch ball pull kar diya
He made a good throw back from fine leg.
send back
Very good fielding there
per three darshal one 25 per two ela ch
Now 15 Required in Coming 11
balls the fielder tried and failed to try
Get the judgment of the ball date very much high in
The
Air and couple of runs taken, 13 runs needed now
Ball 13 required from 10
Balls. 27
Fat and very good catch excellent taken there at
Mid-wicket region catches wins
Matches look to play for big guns
Connected by just shot and he
Gun Catch Taken by Sandeep Ridesh Patil
Strike 3.3 27 Fatal Ally Challengers
Something Magical Now From Galgar Bowling
Attack No Balls 13 To Get
This must have created some more drama.
This bowling has some different masala tadka
The attack has made the match interesting.
Exciting new batsman
Kaushik has now landed at number five
But 13 runs
What Starts With Day One of ICIC?
Lombard
Brokers Premier League
205 Good
Support many spectators present over
Here's one more catching chance between the two
collided
B Safe Catch
Taken one more wicket, Ridesh Patil did the magic.
Today, four balls, three runs, two
Fall of the fourth wicket still here
game
Very good batting and bowling performance
Here are 13 runs from here by Leger.
13 runs with eight balls remaining
Sahil Sharma is at the crease.
3.4 27 per four 13 runs 8
Balls are excellent here bowling performance and
One
Third wicket, three for three
Wicket and their playing style is excellent
Cricket Rhythm Heavy Bowling Performance Ridesh
Patil Absolute Good Performance Ritesh Patil
five balls, three runs, three
13 runs and 7 wickets
Ball Ridesh Patil Patla Bullock Cart Padla
Heavy new batsman Sanjay Dhanawade is coming
Eight Number Sen
swing in miss sotas dot ball to end of the
over very good make some nose for ridesh
Patil Rand Apple Ridesh Patil One Over Three
Runs and three wickets
Four overs of play finished at 27 for five in the last over.
Another 13 runs needed
what am i what a
Performance low scoring game but still the
Magic is
on 13 to get from six balls Sanjay and
Offering
So coming up last six ball 13 run yr v
Go
Umpire signalling no
Ball coming back fur to butt run
out so looking for second run no bal sil ba
The umpire will be late and the next ball will be the free ball.
Hit so to run extra on the board
So now 11 to get in final
Excellent fielding performance here
Alias ​​by Gulager in full here
He has challenged the challengers
Their name is Elias Challengers Per Challenge
Galgar has done it
Now to chase this match
Now the new batsman
Yashwant Ring
It's a free hide ball to was free hide
Ball Good Catch Taken But Was Free Hit Single
Run
Tekken 10 Required From Fi Balls
To
Full toss full take
Delivery still the drama is on still the match
J on the Fire
On and Baby Bring It On
back to back no
Ball sent to get from five
Balls IC ICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League
2025 Day One Match Number Four in
Progress in the Game of La Ste
Protected with ICICI Lombard
Health Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance
Yes it's got run out at the non-striker's end
Good throw looking for the second run and ts
One wicket downs the fall of Ella Challengers
Now the Kolbas good bowling from
Gulzart run out Yashwant Singh from 4.234 ft
Now file to get from four balls 4.2 35 f
Very Tough
Now both the teams try the level
Best Just A
Single, four runs and three
Ball Alive Challengers to win this match
For
Hit a four and end the match
Offer Rohit Oval On
strike and he takes a brilliant catch
Ro went to hit in Swe Lake
but got out
Good Catch Taken Ba Viran Si Action Replay
Play full toss ball to slow region and to good
Catch Catch
Match 4.4: 36 all out, need four runs from two overs
Ball for two to get from two
Balls Sanjay Sawant The New Better Coming At
Number
10 Very Good Tough Fight Between These Two
Contenders Galgar and Allied Challengers
Two Balls Four Runs Here We Go
just a
Single ad madden region so last ball coming up
three to
Get to for a
tie one ball three
The run fielding setting will have to be such that
Batsman will go for the second
So should he be run out or take a wicket?
Or will he hit a four and remain on strike now?
Prasad Char Dash Pa 37 Pa Eight Three to Get One
ball
Oh no what happen
The absolute tastic performance both the
Teams Looking to Play for Begin See the Action
Play Short Puch Ball
The match ended up with
Ty So S Per The Rule Book V
Have the management
Decide what the result will be
what a match
39 Last Ball Two
Rans Match Went To
tie management to decide what will be the
Result is it the super over coming up
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance
So ladies and gentleman boys and
Girls, the match is still not over. The match went
For Ty Butt
Now someone has to win and someone has to lose
Super over is coming up now
So February 39
No and now coming up the super over
Still the match is on Still the fun is on
The excitement is on and the energy is on coming
Up the super over here we
Go First
Ball and first ball wicket is gone
out is taken at madden
Region So Virat
surve na with the ball
Now Plus Strike
Trang for the Run
out single
run two ball one run one wicket
Sus Time Only A Single
Run three ball just to run on the bird good
Bowling from Virat Surve
just a
Single just three runs very good bowling
Quality bowling from Virat
Surve: Super Over is looking like a Test
match
Four Balls
Bold Just Three
Ransom takes a very good bowling into the block
Whole dot ball just consider three run five
Balls
Bowled Last Ball Now of the Super
Excellent bowling performance by Virat Surve
Last ball first innings super over here
Very good bowling here.
See you at
How do you get a run?
Then that came from the bat and it could be run out
So just three runs and the target is four to
Win in Super
Over What Good Cricket Gallagher and Alliance
Challengers
ICICI Lombard
Brokers Premier League 202
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
Of Life Stay Protected with ICICI
Lumbard Health Insurance
Okay here we go just four runs now to win
In Super
over first
Ball Halo Vent for Single Run Yes
ts out
Very tough fight between Gulgar and Challenger
Something Special and Exciting
We are waiting for the other team and I am waiting for ours.
When will the match happen, this match is never over.
remained
So just one wicket
Now More End of the Match
So we have the correction just fi run the
Target Four Required From Four
Balls four gain four runs
New Batsman Para
Gaikwad ts plead and ts it ts the end
of the match yes tus gun f fo
Run Absolute
Fantastic and the Super Over
Bye
Galgar So Super R Winner Galgar Many Much
Congratulations and it was fantastic and
Tough Fight
Between Galgar and Ella Arrangers
IC Lord
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
Runner for the batsman
Hello once again ic lord broker
Premiere
League Day One Match Numbers
F Unison Superstar vs Anand Rai
Swing Namas Good
Bowling so at the center Anand Ra Royal N D
Toss elected to feed
First Nice On Strike Eknath Na Non
Strike and Pushpak G
Male
From Anand Rashtra, first wicket falls
Very early in the first o it
Self good bowling from
Pushpak very early fall four balls bowled one
For One
Nikesh Gun for No Run of Three
Balls Good start four balls one on one all
A warm welcome to a warm welcome to Saturday
Day of Weekend Ka Vaar Who Will Win
Whose will it be
I have found some relief today.
There is no work, no insurance lead.
There is no pension, here we have to lead and
winning the match
Hai So Once Again Vam Welcome Once Again
Day One Match Number 1
This time with a slower ball and it
Totally beaten batsman
after five balls bowled just one
Run it's a very good over it's end of the
Over make some noise for Pushpak very well bowled
One over, one run and one
Wicket: Good start from Anand Rahane
Rails Green Army Looking Very
Dangerous Let's See the Yellow Army Unison
Superstar Will Do Something Magical in Seconds
Over
Spectators Watching Us Live on Y Channel J
FSC Live From Fatima Cricket
Grounds
Mumbai that is very good turn very good
Turn East to Straight
West good bowling attack spin attack
Look at this, the batsman is bowling like this
making him dance on the fridge
Isn't it Punt One for One Akash
Jadhav has lifted the ball in the air this time.
The fielder tried, the umpire checked here.
Will go for four outside off Seamargh
Mr Om Singh is a very good umpire
experienced
Umpire 1.3 runs one loss
Parmi Looking for One More Run
Running Like a Rocket
Speed ​​1.57 mph
and two runs quickly
Run and the score will be seven to one.
Eknath Taking the Full Ownership
So a dot ball to the end of the over to get sent for
One Unison
Superstar High Seas Lombard Brokers
Premiere
League Won't Start With Day
One with all the viewers and spectators
Watching Us Live Coming Here
enjoy having some
Fun Having a Good Food Good
Breakfast Waiting for the Lunch
Tgun Sen Fur One Now Mahendra Into The
Toss not out by Anand Rati Royals Green
Army and Elected to
The ball is trying to make space this time
Koshish wanted to play over the covers and
Missed the timing and pulled it through the covers for a single.
Unison Super Essence scores eight to one with
Two points for loss of wicket
This time he played one straight to long off.
fielder present there
But how could Akash Yadav, the spin king, turn
Yes, he makes the batsman dance well.
Fielding here
But two and two don't
The batsman has made a good comeback here.
went down the track to pick it up but
Mahendra
good bowling
Performance to sweep down towards square
Cover Swe Lake Region
and coming back for
to they were coming back for
Three but sent back as two runs considered
2.4 A unison at 11
Superstar iss baar khel diya hai mi wicket ke
Area
But I think two runs in every ball.
He put the car in auto mode.
A Unison Super at 2.5 13
Starr will bowl the last ball of this over.
Mahendra only got six runs from this over.
Made space and tried to take a big shot once
It goes straight to the point fielder
over key
Ending So Threes Gun 14 Fav Good Start
From Anand Rashtra Royals in the bowling attack
after three overs 14 five three after 14 one
Spin King this Badshah this
This player is not a player, this is Bahubali
His turn here is very good.
People get scared of his excellent bowling paper.
Looks like the turn of the bowling
Has 3.2 14 fav quality bowling attack from
Akash Jadhav is what high in the
Air Safe
Landing Very Red Tc In Tennis Cricket
Spin attack and with great turn good
Quality
Bowling is completely beaten here
Hit their ball with a back foot shot
If you fall on your front foot, you will be beaten.
I will go this time, the timing was not right.
Good bowling played in advance here
But the sky
Jadav Dasgupta at 15
Good bowling once again
Performance: Runs scored as leg byes and runs scored in the over
Four overs completed, only 16 runs.
What a bowling Akash Jadhav is, once again he was powerful.
Aakash Jadhav just two overs away from Sen Rans
Considered
What
Bowling Excellent Bowling from Sky
Jadav, call me, I am lost in them
We are crazy about Akash's bowling style today.
One for 16 after four overs gone
He has made us absolutely crazy and today we are
Have become
Fan Akash Jadhav will unite for selfie today
Your
With Young Blood Young
Talent Emerging
Player four over 16 for one
Sachin now retired
Out Now Abhijeet New
Gotta make some fireworks
Must make the last
Anand Rathi is completely beating the over
Royals have a different formula
Good follow through, good reflection there.
Chetan Jaiswal
Chetan Jaiswal says I am the only one bowling
I will do the fielding
I'll do 4 the two 17 on two alarm bells
This time he has picked me up and sent me straight to Tara.
Mandal hit a cracking shot for this run.
Big
Six So Beautiful So Energetic It Was
Just looking like wow fantastic
Sis Time Good Come Back From Chetan Jaiswal
Swing Miss
4.4 23 runs for the loss of two wickets in the last two overs
Look at this, the ball slipped from the hand of the umpire.
signal of no ball
No ball signal what will be the next ball
Umpire One helicopter will be free
Two Unison superstars step forward on Hit 4.4 24
Try to hit that shot well
Bowling is something different for Anand Rashtra Royals
Formula Good Bowling
Performance Last Ball of the First Innings
24 feet
One Big Hit and
Wicket to play towards wide long off
fielder looking for
Three butts got run out couple of rus to end
of the innings so make some nose and round or
Apple Fur The Green Army Very Well Fung
The performance of Anand Rathi Royals gave us today
made ecstatic
Five overs of play are over, Anand is 26 for two.
Rajasthan Royals need 27 runs to win
So I'll take a short break and come back
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
S
Low-scoring games often feature more drama.
and it is bowled to the batsman on the first ball.
has been sent
Good bowling performance here
Anil
by So Welcome Back Once Again All The Way
Spected watching us live ICC
Lombard Rockers Premier League 2025
Match Number F Day
One to two chase of just 27
Rans ts bean gin wid outside lem
line one with a run here
But their insurance account
open one ball bowled one for
One very directionless ball this time, this line
signalling a no ball outside the pitch
by and the next ball will be free
Hit and Akash Yadav
Will spin become the king of batting as well?
King Free Hit Ball
There was no danger despite taking the catch
also so two balls bol th for one 24 to get
From
28 First ball on strike Chetan Jaiswal
face
People are coming here standing on fees
You have to stay firm, you get free run
are
what is no ball signal what is umpire call
No ball and four
Rans Ss J Like No Claim Bonus
Over two balls bowl na farav anand rati
Rolls 18 Now To Get
4.4 Good
Stop Takes Advantage of Being a Hide Bowler
Good Stop Good Come Back From Anil Teen Gain
After Naran, 18 needed for the loss of one wicket
is and one
Bar Wide
Ball 10 runs on the board 17 to
Get 4 Dati Overs Left
And a wide here
But this wide made the umpire stretch himself a lot.
They are getting their exercise done
This time I have played the game, I have played in the gap
and has sent the fielder outside off.
tried but swiftly
Had to go for four runs in the deep cover region.
You can watch the action replay of the best shot.
It went four
Runs after four balls 15 for
One after four balls 15 for
One straight to the fielder still the single
Only 11 runs needed now, 25 balls
survivors
Six runs in extras
Come in this over and the over will be over with one run
The end of after one over 17 for one just
10 Rounds 10 Runs Now Required in Coming
four overs
Good butting performance Anand Rati
Royals 27 Just
Chase Now Akash Jadhav Strike Prabhat
And it's taken simply
Catch looking to play for the big one on the side but
got top edge looking london talking
Tokyo Sgate The Outside Edge Went High End
Keeper Takes Catch Catch Wins Matches Eknath
Taken One on One 17
Two, this wicket is ringing alarm bells
Piyush is the new batsman on the board.
Loda got the wicket on the first ball here
Prabhat now has new
Batsman Piyush Loda
I have played a full toss in the lecture.
others will be taken in the direction of
Definitely two runs
Score ahead with
Will increase by 19 Fav P2 Anand Ral Just 8 runs
Ja a run for the
Victory is one more
Wide many extra seen sen extra
Total in just 27 runs
Target So Just Sane to Get
now many balls left
Short puck ball pull kar diya hai isko melt karna
Want
were and these were easily
scoring two runs with
Just for now
Required many balls to go 21 balls to
Go Easy Quick Win Anand Rathi Royals
I will go into the gap I will go the way of
Four
Only one run is needed
Now the best batting performance Anand Rathi
Royals or you can see the action
Ripley clears the infield and takes gun for foe
Wa Lung of Deep Axe
cover so just one to get
Now till the end of the match Anand Rashtra Royals
One by a wicket many many congratulations
For the Green
Army Stay Tuned for the Next
Match: Anand Rather not by a wicket
So We Have Many Matches Coming Up Live On
JFS Social Channel Live Streaming
on and wer commi The Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Card Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lumbard Health
Protected by IIC Lord Health
Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Make some team once again strong
[music]
Jae Couple Orten
Two runs started
says a very good cut shot but straight to the
field good fielding at
Point: Two balls later, three runs, no wicket.
Gulgar Gulgar won the toss and elected to bat first.
decision
I played it lightly this time
stole a run from him
With this one run the car will move forward
Three balls for four runs and no wickets
No, will today's Galar Galgar become
After the ball toss, I want to play it on the on side.
But the ball went to the off side
of one run
IC Lombard Broker Premier with IC Lombard
League Brokers Premier
Left full toss ball pulled away towards mid
wicket
Region Only a Single
Five balls, six runs, no wicket, this is the last
The ball will sprout
Jain League Matches in Progress
over match
Game outside edge goes after short thud
The ball will end with one run.
Good Start from Ankur Jain Consider Rans Ek
Gallech is wicketless for seven after the over.
So after no say fun Siddhesh
Mori Arjun
Sharma Talking to One
Bounce's gun for four
Run cracking shot lunge out of bounds
Strong blow four
No wickets for 4 runs on 11 off 11 balls
with short pucca ball pull kar diya hai sway ki
Direction
In and this went the ball, making the ball buzz
given for four runs
back to back
Four back to back for from Arjun Sharma
Back to back four Yeh Dil Maange More and
Siddhesh More is bowling.
More 1.21 for no
Wicket down, 15 runs down, jersey number 15
Pushing him with great force
Diva shot steals a run at backward point
took 1.3 16 for no wicket
Gulgar takes a very good ball
It's Clean
Bold ts first wicket fall off
Galgar Parag Gaikwad b Sidesh two of three
Balls First wicket falls Batar B
Performance Fall of first wicket
Sagar Weather
Siddhesh More will bowl the last ball of Kareshwar
Who has one on five 17
Danger Galgar or N Dazzlers
Good bowling, a bit of a bounce here.
Bounce and the batsman wanted to play totally
Beaten, the over ends with a dot ball.
After two overs, 17 for 1 Gallagher
17 after two overs
A Praneet Parab comes to bowling
This time he cut it and sent it into the gap and
Chatura sends it outside off the seamer for four
of runs
Sagar Weather Tax has changed the weather for four
for the run
2.12 Fav Galgar Vid
boundary
Red is still good
this time this
Played good fielding
There, two runs are scored
Good start here by Gulgar
2 runs for the loss of 1 wicket
Sea and
Arjun, no runs there.
at 2.32 for the loss of one wicket
Gulgar good bowling good pace and batsman
had to play defensively and score a run
Chuda Liya Covers Mein
24 Fav The Score Of
Galgar's time is played towards deep point
Region for Single
Run Do The Pa on 25
Praneet Parab will take the last wicket of one S
The white ball went a little outside.
Gesture Umpire Mr Prashant
Reggie's play toward the fielder at left.
Corner Region for Single
Run to the end of the over so after the over 27
Gulgar on 27 after three overs
one three
Over 27: One wicket down, 27 runs for one loss
Score on Gallagher
It's okay for her
I will tell you whatever it is, it will be fine for you too.
I will go now what is
Building from O Fielding Wat Fielding
. one on one 28
Galgar is here
He was batting well but now he is out.
I have gone
Moy so second wicket fall off
Gallagher caught by the wicketkeeper Rahul
You must have heard the name Rahul, three darshan luck
two 28 p two galgar
3.2 28
Fatu Na The Left Hand Obey Sum
Nadar number
Four Batter
What is the name
Fatu Siddesh More 1.3 11 runs, two
wicket this time played and ts miss
field now they're coming back for
Three's a very good running round of plus two
Obaid Samam Nader Very Good Running Three Run
taken and also
Sagar absolutely good fielding
Performance 3.4-inch Full HD+ (3120×1280 pixels) with three RAM
It's a very well taken good judgment that took some
Time and Tides Very Well Taken
Catch for Reason Catch for Reason Because of Jersey Number
Seven Thala for Region
Tus Cash Taken
By Ankur
Late
Looking for action to replay very much
Hi up above the word so hidden like diamonds
In the Sky a Diamond Cash Taken By
Ankur 3.5 Three Cagers at 31
New batsman Virat Surve
first ball
But he has opened his account with one run and over
Finished so after four overs 323 coming
up the final of the first innings
Gulgar can get 50 runs in the coming one over
Left 18 to get to 50 runs
Board so very good bowling Sidesh jordar
Talia F Sidesh Murray (2 overs) 3 for 15
wicket excellent bowling
Rahul Panchal comes on to bowl now.
Four overs for 32
Rahul Panchal bowling comes to the crease
I want to get the division done
helicopter
shot and this four runs what a great thing
This explosive blow by MS Dhoni
Fan for four runs
4 teams for a 36 pence
Three Virat Surve
There is a lot of hope from Virat Surve and
Will it be five sixes in the next five balls?
We will put on some show and do something different
Style
This time the game will be played in the direction of S.
I will definitely go for the second one with speed.
Run very fast, run here, run there
Virat Surve is running a very strong race.
race
Is
4.2 Three Galle Gars score at 38 here
Catch second time as I said Rahul
Panchal comes with a bang and gets ready for the dance
Bowling performance by taking wickets with great force
b Rahul
Fall of wickets here, Obed Sam Nader
happened
Rahul Panchal got him out.
Moe 4.4 39 For Fo Coming Up Last To
Balls of the First Innings
The crowd is enjoying the excitement begins
Here Starts the Day One Excitement
Start Saturday Weekend No Tension No Work
No Login No Additional
Work Just Time To
Play as the new batsman Sandeep Ts Watt
[music]
Hi Just A Single
Run so coming up last ball of the e
4 The Pa at 40
Virat on four strikes
Surve what a Virat Virat shot
Will hit good bowling here swing a
Dot ball excellent performance strong d
Pachal one over seven runs one wicket five overs
Game over 40 for four, who will win and
Who will lose? A Diesel needs 41 runs.
There are short breaks in the next five overs.
Of
After in the game of life stay protected
II Land Health Insurance in Game Online
Stay Protected with ICICI Lord
Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Excellent fielding performance but good
They have made a new bus stop.
Stop so a dazzler came to bat
are 41 to chase in five once again welcome back
All the while watching us live
ICS Lombard
Brokers Premier League
205 It's Time to Have Some Food Quality
Food so lunch is
onon have
Good Food Well Organised by ICICI
Lombard
Management Thank You Very
Much Fi bles bold fo funo las a dazzlers
Good start here Virat Surve Puri
kind of here
But under pressure, I batted well and bowled well too.
are doing well
in the block hole
Bowl it a full toss and a direct hit here.
Curry could also be a case of excellent start
Only five runs and good bowling here
Virat Surve no one on five after one over
No wickets
So after one was five for no
Los Day One League Match in
Progress no second over Sandeep will bowl
Siddhesh More Strike
Straight to the fielder sent back a good call
From Siddhesh Mitesh send back to the non
strike
and one ten one five runs no wicket a on
Dazzlers
41 of
Target sent this
is directly out of the country for six runs
a powerful blow through
continuous banging
Sixer Siddharth Siddhesh
More played it with good timing
You can see the action
Replay straight down ground for six runs.
Air
Tour 1D2 11 No Wickets
No, and I have sent it once, very
went up
ball what has happened to it there
Umpire checks here
Umpire will signal six runs
Umpire Signs Six Runs
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in
The Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
of life stay protected ACA Lombard
Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected aaaa
Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay Protected with ICICI Lombard
Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
of life stay protected
Hello and welcome back once again now we are
back
Nice running button here with speed
Wicket Direction
More Ye Dil Mange More Siddhesh
More chasing the target of
41 2.32 for no loss 17 to get from 15
Balls the fielder at final
Region Having Some Football Skills Practice
Umpire See Leg
Buy so to leg by 26 fur no loss 15 to get
From 14
Balls Gut the Inside
Edge
The over will be over here with one run.
End: 28/3 after three overs
No after three overs 28 for no
Loss of 28 runs after 1 over, no wicket on
Diesels
28 for no wicket after three overs
Ridesh Patil bowled well in the last match
of
The Ulti
3.1 This match requires only 32 runs.
To win 'n dazzlers
Short puck ball has been pulled, fielder present
D. Backward Swerve Leg
But just a single run is excellent.
Throw so seven to get from coming 10 balls
N Dazzlers
Walking Single by Siddhesh
More Just One Big Hit and Takes It Six
Rans Nine
Balls Trang Some Different
Want to cut skills
The reverse cut was in a different style but
That was not the timing but one run leg bye Roop
Runs in
I will meet you
Balls Siddhesh More batted well 2 14 balls to
Maximum
Hit can we have another maximum gun ha in b
This time, what a missed dream
What was broken, what was lost, love did not break it.
My Heart
loota drop single run taken four to get na
Pham Sen
Balls Ts Elegantly Play Towards Lung Gun
Maiden
region this
See his fate is Sad Siddhesh More
Survive No Wicket Fall No Loss They Playing To
run to
Only two runs needed from the gate now.
Over so just one color needed or two colors
What scorer do you need?
Two Runs
Required 2 runs Need 2 runs Single
Run and two runs, two runs are needed.
Run OK, we will recheck the
Umpire Scorer and Umpire
Conversation What's the Final Confirmation
So two to
Get Still While the Chance Is
On Cache wins matches very good catch in
stuck in hands
ball wicket keeper the number
First so once again a big applause for
Siddhesh More very well played 23 runs 16
Ball 2 air travel 6 runs
A male name
Panchal Batting
And more great shots
He
This movie is over, short web series is over.
What a way to end the match and a dangerous one by
nine wickets
So congratulations an dazzlers you
One Coming Up the Next
Match in game life stay protected with aaaa
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs IIC
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
Of Life Stay Protected with ICICI
Lombard Health Insurance
Take IC
Bakar New Match
Now Dent Your Wt
WB S S S S T R N T To Bat
Time outside Lex White as umpire
Mr. Om Singh Umpire
the one of the finasteride
Safe
Landing and to run taken on the score board
Two-thirds for no less than two balls bold prudent
Warriors Ashish Mishra
Darshan Nagvekar
Good
Has bowling been sent back here?
umpire's decision
is back at the crease
send back simon go
No wicket on three balls back
Q
Good start here WT
W Tushar
Pawar has pulled this time, the fielder is present.
I will definitely go there for two runs.
distance more
Hai Long
Distance and Couple of Runs Taken
Prudent Warriors here with two runs
Five runs after four balls, no wicket, Ashish
Mishra playing on five four, four ball one
Wide short witch ball sent over the fielder
Given that the ball is slowly moving towards the boundary line
It went outside of
Four absolute good shots, Yeh Dil Maange More
The batsman hit the slowest ball.
four after five balls bowled na phano las
Prodan
Warriors made their way into the net and with perfect timing
with clear
Infield wide lunge off
Four Last
This time the ball has been lifted into the air.
Two more runs here.
Prudent Warriors will make a great start if they take it
Now he has come back in the last two balls, so one
Was Gun 11 for No Loss Prudent
Warriors ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League
205 Saturday weekend weekend
Bar and enjoying the weekend mo
All The Cricket Enthusiast Cricket Lover
Cricket
Fans It's Good Too
C
Many people cancelled their picnics last week.
Cricket cancelled the weekend holiday
come for
There is life in cricket
Cricket is my pride
has one gun 11 fur no wicket now will bale the
seconds
Over Ravi
Mahapatra in to the
Attack setting up fielding change behind the wicket
Keeper and the
Bowler first to power play only two fielders
Loud Outside Circle 30
Yard now let's see now Darshan will face the
First
Ball good bowling from Ravi
This time he tried to go for a big shot but was caught off
White ball outside the smoke line
Ishara 1.12 No Wicket Prudent
Warriors has pulled the short leg ball and
The ball has been corroded
Outside off the seamer at the long on boundary
You can see with four very timings
Action Replays: Play it with timing
and sent to the audience
Rodon took no wickets at point 16
Warriors No Ball Signal Akashi
Toss umpire no ball signal mist om
Singh and What Will Be the Next
Ball Free
Hit 360 Degree AB The
Values ​​made in place but no connection
got a dot ball
The score will be 18 for no wicket.
1.3 Swing in a miss back to back good come
Back from Ravi
Mahapatra One Run
By Trang To Bol Something Different It's Miss
Keeping
And one more run dead they're going for one more
Runs exactly
should try
I want this heart to ask for it
More 1.4 21 runs no wickets Prudent
Warriors
It's played in the air
The ball broke the commentary box straight away
smashed it for six runs
Shot-breaking batting here
Ashish
Mishra's powerful attack, straight commentary
Box
I have taken another great catch
He pulled the full toss ball and hit the ball into the goal.
done it
is for four runs
Cracking bang performance product for
Warriors Very Good Start Firing
Start Pushpa on Fire and Ashish Mishra
also on
Fire is the icing on the cake here no ball and
four runs
The next ball will be free.
Hit 1.5 32 for none
Wicket Free Hit Signal Ba Pa
De White Ball trying some different mix there
by Rav Mohapatra on
Cut it, good fielding there
Short Third
The over ends with a man and one run.
34 runs no wickets after two overs
Warriors
Some Magic from Mukund Ji
Message: Waiting for Mukund ji's batting and
Mangesh's
Batting Prodan Premier League 2024 has a lot to offer.
Mangesh and Mukund batted brilliantly.
Yes and once we see that style, that batting
Want to see Andaz in replay today
Prodent
Warriors after 34 for no loss Beaver Pachhi
34 runs, no wicket, Prent and score
Abhishek Oz New
Bowler Left Round Wicket Very Well Played
Excellent timing one bow into the fence for
Rucking Boundary Absolute
Fantastically weighted for the ball to bounce very
Well played excellent timing into the gap one's
Fur Four Runs at Deep Cover
Reason this is what the quality batting is
Required and for the Badt Warriors they are the
Truly
Warriors 2.1 38 for no loss
Warriors We're Looking For That Maximum Run
They Could Be the Highest Score We've Never Seen 50
Rans Age of Now This Will Be the First
Team to score 50 plus runs to get at least
70 Plus Once Again He Has Dispatched the Fielder
Tried What's Umpires
Call Umpire E
Checking my gun for four
Runs back to back consecutive boundaries
From Abhishek Ashish Mishra 28 of 12
four fours one
Six and a great evening with these
The ball stuck to their hands as if
Feviquick was stuck on my hands
best
Catches and excellent fielding
Good batting performance here
Make some noise for Ashish
Mishra so Ashish Mishra cash taken ba Tushar
b Abhishek 28 off 1 ball with four fours
One Maximum
Hit 2.3 42 The
Score After winning the toss elected to bat
And what a firing start now the most
awaited
Mangesh Japathi bowls the first ball on the very first ball.
has given
Prahar, this AICC is also dangerous, Mangesh
Jagtap's best shot, you can see the action
Replay short pitch ball first ball
towards the final over for four runs
Day
One a fantastic day one now this is fad
Warriors Looking Very
Dangerous Let's Play Towards Third Man
Rajasthan Royals 47 off last ball of this over
is on strike
Darshan pulls the short pitch ball and it
will go out of the boundary for four runs
Great bang for
Sent to IC ASI Lum Bard Banner
for four runs
Where did the photographer go so quickly?
Contact Commentary Box
In
Photographer, where are you? Please be present.
Waiting in the commentary box, thanks.
Three overs with four runs, 50 runs completed, 51
A Mangesh
Yadav is only famous for third man shot and leg.
Side Strong Region Mangesh Jagtap
He was batting in Khalsa College last year.
Ground 15 balls
Lost Today Expecting from Beginning
once again looking to play the pull shot but not
outside left line white sa umpire
De 3.11
Score Ts Very Good Shot Cracking Shot T
Sailing with the Rope for Big
Six Watt Fantastic Shot Very Well Played
Excellent timing with good timing
Sent for six runs
Excellent batting performance here.
Mangesh Jagtap mouth breaking
Answer bar good come back Mahesh
Bhosale three tak three chendu 58 and one gadi baad
Q
Warriors and sent a great shot
There is a fielder here, there is some commotion.
There was some noise and something else happened and they went out of the boundary line.
Ball gone for four runs
Great batting going on here
You are ready in love, I am also ready in love
You are ready, I am also ready, Prudent
Warriors are being thrashed here.
Batting Product Warriors Looking Like
A Wow Excitement Begins
62 Nandi Board
3.4 Mangesh Jagtap wakes up the opposition
Satap, his batting style is absolutely right here
something different
This time it is wide
Ball Keeper Something Different
Appeal Mangesh
Jagtap will stop now
No 15 six balls two feet and no six
This time the game has been excellent
Quick break for six runs
batting best shot Mangesh Jadhav
Best so beautiful so energetic and so
Wonderful it was just looking like a
or 69 fur and last
And the Time Gun Very Well Played Cameo Role
Played by Mangesh Jadav Jordaar Ta Hon Jau
Diya l heavy
Batting dance with heavy hands, heavy bat
Heavy Mangesh
Japata 21 dhawa eight chendu doan chatkar doan
Four four overs 69 for two Prudent Warriors
Four overs, 69 for two, now the last over, this first
Turn
Siddharth is the new batsman on the non-strike end.
Darshan and Tushar are now on strike.
Pawar comes into the attack
short pitch ball de dhoka
ke don ghe don ghe laukar laukar jan
Two dents on the four-pointer
Warriors Darshan Nag
Baker plays towards deep backward point
The Fielder is there very good stop coming
Back for
Second a good throw there couple of runs taken 73
Fatu High Score
Now in this tournament, Prudent
Warriors 73 for 2
Wicket Full Toss Ball This Tof I Got It
wanted to hit the chance
But back to back two runs
Runts Hat-trick Couple of Runs 4.3 75 p
Two good deliveries here, two balls left.
is 4.4 75 on two coming up last two balls
of the first innings
Q
Warrier and this three runs quickly along with
Runs three runs and the score here is 78 fatu
Now last ball coming up of the innings 78
Fatu what a firing performance that
Warriors swing in, miss dot ball and it's done
went out
And with this the first innings
Termination WTW Not Required
79 to win pa minute innings break soon
come soon from
of batting
Light Purple vs Dark
Purple in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Lord Health Insurance in
The Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
of life stay protected v ICICI
Lumbard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Hello and welcome back once again ic ici
Lombard Brokers Premier League
2025 league match in
Progress the Spectres Watching Out On
Youtube They Will Be
Like the same color jersey, he just
I had batted and came back
Dark Jersey Batted Now Time for Light
Jersey Two
Bat and I bowled some reverse bowling
So let's see what will be the
Strategy of Product Warriors WT
Chasing W is like a mountain
Target
Will Prudent Warriors win the match?
will WTW go to this
Watch to know who will win the match.
ICICI Lord Brokers Premier League
Live on J FSC
So let's play first
Ball as good bowling in to the block
Hole Fose Ball Dot Ball Vivek Pawar Started
Proceeding Vishwa Kiran Mashelkar on strike
Ravi Mahapatra on non-strike
na the single run into the
Count of the world
Kiran target of 79 to
Chase is very good batting here.
Performance Prudent Warriors off to a good start
has given a big target to WTO
and once
Same direction, same result, same run copy
Paste of previous one more
Single three balls ball to fun
Plus time but off in a but safe
Good start here Vivek
Pawar was just three runs short of his four.
The ball swings this time
Miss five balls, three runs, no wicket
Three singles and two dot balls in this over.
story This time he gave the ball in the air and it
Have become
His mother got out very early.
Moy simple catch first wicket
Fall WTW Lost the First Wicket
Magical bowling performance Vivek
Pawar has put the team in front
Best bowling performance in one over
after three on one
WW so very good start from
Prudent
Warriors set up big total to chase WB
W
and they have the quality bowlers quality
But all-round performance is prudent.
Warriors and Serene Prudent Premier League in
last year at
The pair of Khalsa Mangesh and Mukund is very
is different
The pair are three for one after one over.
DW
Ashish Mishra
now on bowling
76 came, now need 24 balls 19 runs per over
Over and chance here
It was a good try
You can see the action replays.
Tried here but no luck.
Vinod on one day
a W
W Fielding changes here Ashish
Mishra is still in power play
This time Vinod wants to play it lightly.
The ball came on the side bat with a dot ball
The score will be four for one, one for two.
The Prudent Warriors were completely destroyed.
made it feel
Hai Prudent Warriors
This time good bowling is not giving any chance
Quality bowling with the ability to hit big strokes
Excellent bowling from Ashish Mishra first
Only three runs in the over, one wicket and till now
Ashish
Mishra three balls, only one
A bit of a misfield but only a single.
Run
1.45
and no it's very hard to
Chess Chess with 22 runs per over no required
Rate to pull away towards deep backward slant
Reason the ball is going going going going and
Gun F
Very well played excellent timing
backward
Sway 1.5 941 DT
double last ball of the second over Ashish to
World
Kiran Swing Miss
Mukund ji is very much happy behind the
Wicket-keeping behind stumps with a dot ball
End of over after two overs
WW need 70 runs now
having 18
Gun 70 runs, you need this special 70 runs
Batting has been very destructive, now bowling
Mangesh has come to do it
Jagtap
All-rounder Remember the name Mangesh Jagtap 23
He batted for the first time today in jersey number
Innings: 21 runs (8 balls)
2 End
26 After Two Verses Na F
One swing miss no struggling to hit good
bowling form
Mangesh the Third Inn
Progress Something Special Bowling
Performance Budget Today
Once Again Excellent
Bowling is good with the bat, not good with the
Ball one at 2.29
Dub very well a lazy flick down
Towards Slack
Region 2.3 10 per one
79 runs needed 15
27 runs per ball
OVER Mangesh to Vishwa
This time Kiran has played in the air
Ball only a single run
Very good bowling, only two runs Mangesh
Yadav is bowling in this over and Mangesh Jagtap is bowling in this over.
In and once swing a
Miss Do The Pa 11 on a W T
W shot puch ball played by him
Excellent shot with fielder present and one run
Hoga and Ki Sama
So Three Was Gun It's 12 Fv Dd
12 after three overs
a conscience
Pawar good bowling, good line and length
Overall good bowling here.
Made the batsman dance on the cross
Good bowling performance Prudent Warriors
giving absolutely no chance
WTW of hitting big shots
to 3.11
Fave Single Run
3.2 134
and with one run
65 runs in 15 balls now this match
impossible to win
is 3.3 14 fave vivek to
Vinod ts very well
Played Ithi Taken T
Catch Absolute
Fantastic Magical Super Magical Fanta
Bullseye Can See Action
Replays
Mangesh absolutely good bowling good batting
Heavy in batting, heavy in bowling
Fielding: Madhe Pal Heavy Mangesh
Jagtap Mangesh Jagtap Very Dangerous Then
AI
3.4 14
By how many runs would Fatu and Gain 65 runs have won the match?
Prudent warriors to watch
Amit Kudtarkar will be the new batsman at the crease.
It has been sent to Kaw Corner Region
for the second run
will come 3.5 1642 now last ball of this
Over Let's See Prudent Warriors Vi How
Many runs margin they will win this match
So dot ball to end of the over four was gun 16
For what was a good bowling performance from
The Prodan Warriors Make Some Noise Around Off
Applause once vigorous Talia fur proddent
Warriors Fielding
Performance Very Well
Played bowling with an economy of just four runs
of
Now it's the last over and one more
Bar Mangesh Jagtap No. 23
Jersey short pitch ball and in the best manner
It has been cut deep backward
The point went out of bounds
Four very out with good timing
off tum
and upper cut it well for four runs deep
backward
Point 4.12
Fatu's gun very much high in the
air bug distance fur six ras
Ransoms are brewing here
But this match was won by Prudent Warriors.
We have won, four balls to spare, 53 runs required.
Need and once better shot opening these
Why was he not brought into batting?
Gaya good opening bat batsman hi
oh my
God has given the sabotage to Mangesh Jadhav
The world has been given
Kiran 25 balls two f two
C and once again the ball went for six runs
a tremendous blow to
Runs First ball four Second six Third six
Fourth
Six 41 from two balls
4.4 at 38
2 I wish this over came in the previous over
And where did she go once on a plane journey?
Very expensive over for two runs.
Proving to be 24 runs in this over
from the last ball of the match 39 to get
This time he has been sent straight down the ground
Single run so it's the end of the match one
By 37 runs make some noise for Preston Warriors
This match was won by 37 runs
Congratulations P
Warriors you are the truly warrior now coming
Up the Next
Match Between Ace Insurance Brokers Vs
M BEEL MI BL ONE The toss elected to
But first we will take a short break and come
Back in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With AAAAA Lord Health Insurance in the game
of life stay protected v ICICI
Lumbard Health Insurance
R
The excitement
But respect as loving the moment is not the way to go.
STUN
B
He played a great shot on the first ball.
I have played it in the gossip and it is out of bounds
slowly slowly slowly
Four shut-off bolts are provided with AM for
START FROM M IV L
K
Ayaya So Me BL Taking Up With A
Insurance Brokers
So the score card will get updated on the
Screen League Matches in Progress MIBL
One at the toss elected to bat
so very good
Bowling so late now the score is not updated
Yet it will update at will some time technical
Issue
Here we have the updated score for balls bold
Four for no loss Harshad Ansari on
strike so very good bowling
O this something shadow reaction by the
Bowler: Five balls, four for no loss, Atul Yadav
Started the proceedings already Shravan
Kumar Dubey on Non
Strike 5 balls 4 runs no wicket
MIBL's
Score played it
A great start here at Ace Insurance
Brokers only five runs after one over
No wickets on Mi
BL So Once Again Welcome
Back to ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League
205 League Matches in Progress Day
One in two days will be the qualifier rounds.
Let ya know the format letter on
Till then enjoy, chill and enjoy cricket.
Enjoy live on JFSC Yat channel
ICICI Lord Rocos Premier
League Atul Yadav Only Fire Nas The First Good
Start Sun
Bowling is special, full toss ball pull
banana
Is it four runs four ka dan dani
The ball has been pulled and the ball has been scored.
It is a great shot
Mid Sab Bha Us Lare Ha
Am I Gujarati?
Agreed
Come on Dubey, it's my turn now, me too
I will not break it either
I will leave it and see, I have broken the turn
and sent it outside the border
best four
As my
It's the turn of the opposing team.
Lose 1.41 for notice to Shravan Kumar Dubey
Heavy Absolute Fantastic To Start F
MBL 1.41 for no loss
And once again a great shot, the ball went for four.
of runs
Isn't he a tough batsman?
Aa Aa Le Lal Bhad Ane Shot Marla Fearless
The batsman has taken a four and is not very strong.
Shravan Kumar Dub
Jan Janeet Khand Khan Chowk
22 after two overs
Now a new
Who was handed the bowling?
Satish will now go to the crease, neither will the batsman
On the field of loud banging single lungan
So 2.1 23 Fav Atul Yadav in to the
Attack Just A
Single only one run from mud
2 P2 24 Fv Harshad Ansari N
The strike has been played with great timing.
D Extra Cover Outside the Boundary
four banging four
Run Mi Bl Master In Batting
Logistics Arshat for the best four runs
Ansari is totally full on game, baby.
Bring it on: 19 runs off 11 balls, four fours
bat
to 2.3 28 This very good start m IBL
After winning the toss he elected to
Bat turns play towards
Deep's Reason Single
One 2.4 on 29
Played into the gap with good timing
Short third
Man good fielding
Best with two
Running Ashim and Arshad
Ansari straight shot backward to the feeder
Slack steals a run. End of over.
1 MI BL at 32 after three overs
Should the pace of the match be increased a bit?
So speed brother should come
Umpires will have to be careful
Umpires push too many matches quickly
play
There is a lot of fun left, the night is left
Remaining three overs 33 for the loss of one wicket
This time, a good bowling dot ball by Amol Thakar
Bowling P
Came and made a great cut
Potted straight to the fielder
Towards. Two 34s on one MI BL
Score Arshad Ansari batting 20 12
Ball four
This time he has played fours in the direction of Swe.
I really want to go for the other one.
with speed
He ran so fast that he shouted Vande Bharat.
Their express also failed.
Good running between the wickets ahead
Ansari Absolute Fantastic Running Couple of
Ras Taken 36 and After
3.3 Absolutely Good Start on Day One
ICC Loba Brocas Premier
The league has lifted the next ball into the air
ball and found here
Wicket, this is different cricket
Cricket is a strange game, no swords, no
No weapons, no friends, and this is a game.
Big
Listen to the strange and amazing cricket story
you are mine
Jubani Sots Wicket Fall Number Two
Fatu Na M
IBL so very well played make some Nad
Ansari 22 14 balls with four four very well
Played Now The New Better Coming At Number
For Akash Lanjekar
Aaleele is coming to bat
Pug appeal to the umpire straight away
Away. on Pa 36
Do or shot ja shevat chendu 36 runs don gadi
After MIBL
So one run leg bye to end of the over four was
Gun 37 Fatu Mi Bl
The batter looking to play on side at can top
Edge and 412 4.1 last over in progress
The First Innings
ME
BL Points Toss Sn Batting First
Elegantly played cut shot straight to the field
Shot to third man single run acquired a
Very good bowling this time there Kiran
Gaikwad Bowling
But the last over progress post this first innings
4.3 42
Will M cross the 50 mark?
IBL is an insurance brokerage company.
ICICI Bank will stop you from going anywhere.
Lombard Brokers Premium
I have made a place and sent it with good timing.
with a couple of
Bounces Fielder Reach
How many runs did you run here?
ran three runs for
45 feet 4.4
And
Sky Short Pach Bal A Time With There
Fielding
A little misfield there, very good.
Stopped on the boundary line and took a
want to go
and once three
Run so back to back once so for me
BL Very Well Played Five Over 51 Feet
The innings has ended with this insurance
Brokers need 52 runs then 5 minutes
Innings breaks as soon as possible
Insurance brokers come
Go bat, meet Chote.
After the break
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected with Aaaaa
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
start
So welcome all the people watching us
Live Ma Mit Solanki I Back ICEC Lord
Brocas Premier League E
Onus Insurance Brokerage
52 first
Excellent bowling on the ball and first ball Shavan
Kumar
Babe has sent the batsman back
First ball Kiran Gaikwad made it to the pavilion
I wanted to play the leg
Side good catch simple
Catch luck of a piece of cake into the hand of the
fielder
Sandeep First Ball Golden
Duck One Ball Bow Nun for One Eras
He Insurance Brokers Now the New Man
Coming at Number
Three
Uday very well played excellent timing the
Fielded at mid-wicket region
Two runs here with the count open of a
Insurance
Brokers can now sell for Rs 50 to get more from their account.
4.4 52 runs
Chess shirt pack ball, I have played it a lot
time with the ball is going
And he applied some football skills but went
In vent's gun for
Four at Squale
A Insurance Brocus with Region Four Runs
Score of 6 runs for the loss of 1 wicket here
But
Score Short Pitch
Ball is good
ball dot ball
with four balls, six runs, one wicket
So Ones
Gun 10 for one a comment box and have special
Welcome Guest Mr. Mukund ji, welcome
Your account is
what do I call
T slog um but but ho g thank you
to escape from Darshan.
next for
Picking up the shut page, I hit the header and there are two
Runners are good until
Karrar woulda
So, Product Res has made a very good start.
What magic is your team Mukund ji?
What a charisma, what enthusiasm, what passion
your team
I have now
Cut every ball from the first to the last ball
fielder every
Bowler is a very big factor and put
By the way the players here I like cricket less
Can you see all the colorful colors?
Yes, it is true that Holi has just begun.
The batting start which was explosive
But look at the run rate right now.
The Insurance Brokers team has a little
The second over of the innings will have to be extended.
Used to be
Lightly flicked to the off side again.
Beat done dot ball ya on dot ball pressure
will increase the team's
One batsman at the top should take responsibility
The ball will have to be struck
Towards the bound line or bond lawn
Let's go out next
The ball is played by lifting it from the cross bed.
I see Vader running after him.
Can't stop behind three feeders
Till feed and throw
Adding three runs here
But the batsman's own score and the team's
Score also three behind one ball
There is a slightly bigger ground on the left side.
Because of this, even three or four players can run away.
As far as the fielder collects the ball and does it on the
Running can be very good again lightly
Hands pushed him and he bowled very well
It's good that he has adopted a slow ball off.
Keeping a lookout on the side, not giving any room
batsman
to hit over cover and the batsman too
IT Bill is not making rooms
Miss Mumbai is said to have found a place where
make room there
The lamp is not visible here
Let's go to Irs Bakr after the end of the two R
The team is 16 runs for the loss of two wickets
But in the next 18 balls he got a very good wicket.
to bat
36 runs will have to be scored, 36 runs will not be scored like this
Neither can a rubbish boundary be made nor can it be made
And they need 15 runs at least 12
runs needed
Is
Come on, what is the responsibility of the captain?
So let's see what strategy we use here.
The decoration adopted in the feed is here on midriff mudan
The p is moved a little bit here. Let's
right over the wicket third over first ball two
Go, it's amazing brother, there is a ball under it.
The fielders see what can happen or not.
Both in the middle of both feeders
Here they remained as observers to each other.
You are blaming me that I used to take it and you used to take it.
It was there but no one took this drop
The team is growing well
A little bit is okay
He can't do it on the other side
This four-piece
Chauka, thank you very much Mukund ji, very much
Strong comment
And the ball did not come well in his hands.
running between the wickets
Two Decades Three 24 P Two A Insurance
Brokers
28 runs
15 Two big hits could have changed the complexion of this match
This is the opportunity for inshore brokers.
You will get only one run this time, lunge on
I will try my best in MIPL this
Good fielding to win the match
The performance is big and the ground is long.
The distance is
One run will convert into two runs, two to three
from three
Four this time he's swept it
direction of
Only single in
Run 2.4 25 ft Now S Insurance Brokers
27 Half the work is done, half the night is left.
The rest is about winning or losing.
Balance
2.5 will gain the last of the two at 26
Aditya and the best
He took the catch
Has catches not matches that the wicket fall number
Three S Insurance Broker The Vas Gin 26
You can watch the action replays in great detail.
Caught long on
fielder there his name
26 after three overs
3 more runs to be scored in the next two overs.
In So More 26 to Get Let's See Now What
What will be the strategy for MI BL bowling?
Attack It's Very Important Match
Every Match
Important Amol Thakur The New Better Coming
T number
Fi Swing In
Miss good come back batsman back to the crease
went safely to
1.16 and one wicket, good bowling now Atul on
Strike 3.1 at 26
three fruit toss ball uske khel diya hai swe ki
want to go for two runs in the direction
It ran at a fast pace
This time I am running faster than those bold people.
Atul
G
I picked it up and played with it, the ball is in the air
Only a single in the direction of Squale
Run, it will come out, some sound will be heard, see
Butts played well towards look on only a
Single
Run now 22 from eight balls can he get one
Big Maximum Hit
343 Full Toss Ball Looking for something special
Turds on side not gut connection umpire
Sing Leg
22 runs bye and now 21 balls left in the innings.
ball left
seven per ball, three
from Run 21 firm
Inside edge there for a single.
K ending so final over coming up and 20
Run
Required Insurance Brokers to Win
this match
r 20 required r v go swing a
Miss five balls 20 runs per ball four
Run 4.1 32 32 Fath 202 Get from Fi
Balls Speak
Single runs, a couple of runs, nothing more
We will have to hit fours and sixes and win this match.
Must win, what does 19 runs in four balls say?
of all the spectators
Man yer we go fo ball
19 Top Edge End
What a missed dream
Let's break this match down
Now I have won MIBL
How many runs does he win by just one run?
Puns table is very important
In that net run rate work
17 runs will come
Ball and now there will be no victory here
But this victory now appears to be of the desert.
There is a lot of water
Door na of the
Match single run taken and ts ts the end of
The
Match De One by 15
Rans so many many congratulations
To M.I.B.L.
This match was won by 14 runs
Na Once Again Dent Warriors
vs Simbo Strikers D Warriors L
Taking Up Simbo Strikers
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Game of Life Stay Protected With
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
Once Again Welcome Back
IC IC Lom Bard
Prudence Simbo Strikers Taking a V
Prudent Warriors Simbo Strikers One The
Toss elected to bat
So how about a hearty welcome to everyone?
You
People Two Balls Bo Three Fur No Los Simo
Strikers
Excellent Played Very Well
Shot Plaid
By Sonit
Gomes Keep Extra Cover Fo
Ransom three balls seven runs no wicket good
Starting Here Simbo Strikers
Vivek Pawar bowling and hitting the same shot once again
Trying to kill, but a little slower this time.
Vivek Pawar bowled the ball with pace.
The batsman was completely caught off guard and scored no runs.
No after four balls bo sen fur no loss
Simo Striker
Scored it with good timing
Is it the umpire's call?
Bounce into the fence for
With perfect timing for Run Cha Run
No fielder present, one at mid-wicket
Bounce in to the fence for
Fours for 11 with no wickets
Five
Ball Last ball coming up of the first over
11 Fur No Loss
He played it with excellent timing.
The ball slowly swerves for four runs.
direction of
Back to back cont boundaries from Sonit in
Koms only
Batting for ball with three boundaries very good
Start firing start one gun 15 for no
Los Angeles Truckers
A huge appeal here.
But Mukund
Yes
Behind stems huge appeal and it be
Went
Out Simo Strikers
and blessings
Mishra on bowling
have you come
Mukund T Behind 1.1 15 Fav Simo
Strikers
New Better Coming at Number Three
This time to hit the big shots
Prayas Simbo Strikers
1.21 for one
Will try to reach a big score in this over
Priyanshu Jain on strike to go
Runs in the form of single leg bye
Aye Ek Dati 16 Par Ek Simbo Strikers
Must see
Now we have to see in this over
They have got a chance again, what will they do and
One
Four, this time a good ball, dot ball at 1.41
A Simbo Strikers
This time it has been sent, it has been said very high up
The ball went straight into space and the constellation
Into the Galaxy Fur
Six Fantastic Shot First Maximum
From Sonnet Bat Furent Fur Big One Fur
Six
1.5 at 22 with a good timing
Played for six runs
Mid-wicket to Cow Corner
Region Coming Up The Last Ball Of
This time he has been called offside.
game
Au lia fur sot gom very well batted 21 8 ball
five
Fours
best
Awesome
Dangerous fast-blowers after two overs
A Simo striker at 24
24 after two overs
a conscious
Steps and bowling have come
Priyansh
Jain gave a very good shot and sent it back.
has given
With his good timing, he took six runs.
For
Priyanshu off the mark with the maximum hit
Priyanshu with perfect timing
Jan runs six runs in the fourth ball after three balls
Simbo Strikers
This time the wicket
Keeper Mukund ji completely
well tried there and how many
Get the ransom here, see how much ransom is free
I gave it to you Mukund ji, what have you done?
Diya Three Runs By
two days 33
Fav B Bal Pach 33 runs for the loss of one wicket
Simbo Strikers
is on strike
Sonet Alti Palti De Rotate Ki
Tried but only single run
2.4 at 34
One, this time it was done very well in the block hall
Bowling Chetan Kadam
He has made a good comeback after six hits.
Only two runs
per last two balls now the last ball of this
Will Chetan Kadam do A Rans Considered
2.5
351 lightly played it through the covers
a run in
Three overs will be played and one for 36.
Simbo Strikers score
3 overs for 36 for Simbo Strikers
Score
This time the fielder is present and has played in the air.
Hi Mangesh
Jagtap
All-rounder good throw there with two runs.
The car will move forward on Simo Strikers 38
one by one
38 for
One against the white ball 39 for one's once
Again back to back whites
Nanda at 40
Batting first after winning a toss
Decision and right start here Simbo
The striker this time is Mangesh Yadav.
What is a direct hit?
Hakai Mangesh with great speed
Jagtap was hit by an arrow
Marks best on the non-strike stump
fielding at long off
But this time there is a great shot fielder.
they caught hold of
Catch by innings is over here very
Well Played Sonnet 27 1 Ball Five
Fours of these
Contribution, great rhythm, heavy batting
Performance Sots Wicket Number Second Fall Off
Simo Strikers
3.3 42
Fat Catch Nimeshe
27 balls with four batted balls, the straight edged off
207 So good performance good start and
This judge all the crowd excitement and
Present over yer watching live enjoy the
Moment Every
Ball Every Moment is Specific Golden
Moments
It's very good bowling in to the block
Whole no chance fur the new better to play some
Stroke Muzaffar Sheikh now comes to the crease at
Number Four
This time he played in the long off area.
There's been a bit of a stir but come back
Kia Mangesh
Nadda Pa will play the last game of 43 feet Isar
Vivek Pawar
at Stand End
The delivery fielder is there to take the run.
How many runs are coming in total?
If he runs, the over ends with two runs.
Four overs 45 Fatu Simbo Strikers Coming
Up the final over of the first innings
Watching ICC Lord Rockers Premier League
205 Now Coming Up The Final
Over just vent outside Daleks line wide
Signal by umpire Mr. Om
Singh four overs
46 ball to short backward point
Gone with a run
4.47
Fatu Mangesh attempted this catch here.
to catch
49 off 4 overs with two runs taken here
Fruit Toss Ball Fielder is present or not
Is
The result became this
outs wicket
Fall Numbers
Trying to hit three big shots
Krishnaji has caught this ball and it
Yes
out Priyanshu Jain 11 runs 9 balls 1
Six 4.3 49 pence
three the time here is now 4:00 4
It's midnight but the party is still on
There's still a lot of night left
is now the new
Better Ya Get the Outside
Age Vikram is the new batsman
and 50 up vehemently Talia Simbo
Strikers reach 50 runs 50 up
Last two balls at 4.4 50
three here
Dot ball 4.4 50
Three last balls of the first innings
This has been played by Kaw Corner
Region and couple of rans taken coming back for.
Three
No so excellent batting performance five overs
After the match, India were 52 for three.
Creating Prudent Warriors
53 runs in five overs I think it is
Mangesh Jagta scored 53 runs alone
If you give it, many will not go away friends, break it quickly
Batting is now underway and the commentary box
I now have butter salty
See you after a short break
After in the game of life stay protected
With ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in
The Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
So let's start one more time
are this
match
Now Ashish has come to enhance the beauty.
Mishra Mangesh
Jagtap first ball Rishikesh
Hrishikesh pulled the first ball.
deep backward square leg ball stop
will go from the bound line
Running for the first third run
starting with three
Prudent Warriors aim for Runs 53
The first match was won by a huge margin
Emerging Player here once more
This player is not a powerful hitter, this is Bahubali
Is
Mangesh Ulti Palti shot
Try to bowl this to him on the off side.
I will reverse hit short of pitch, lane and leg
Side marenga off temp p daliye ya straight
They will kill me but I won't let him go.
This time we will break this quality of good bowling
bowling is required
Three balls is a good start, someone on three
Prudent not wicket
Warriors so that's a good start Hish Kesh
50 runs off 27 balls
And this backward region
I touched the main banner
Ball backward for four runs
Region four runs with four balls seven runs no
Not wickets, but prudent warriors.
B
So Sim Strike Pro Warriors 4 overs
Save the game
has 46 runs to get 10 wickets in
Hand now Priyanshu
Jane Comes Into Attack
Ashish Mishra
strike tus very good
shot lee get distance wat call tll gold way
For four runs, cracking boundaries Ashish Mishra
at
Best four runs here with Fad Warriors
No wickets for 11
The ball went very high, so high
She left as if saying hello to Eros
I 1.1 F No Wicket Prestige Warriors
42 Now Fm
3.5 23 balls 42
Russ ts cheeky cut plaid let cut the shut thd man
Feed Single
Taken Now Mangesh N
1 on 2 off 12 no wickets 41
Rans 3.4 overs 10 wickets in
Hand now this is a chance for the big wicket
And he's got the important wicket, Mangesh
Looking for Big
One lost his wicket, this is good bowling
Performance from Priyanshu
Zen Absolute
Fantastic so Muzaffar the
Catcher 1.3 12 Fav Prudent Warriors
1.3 Na The New Better Darshan Nagvekar
First ball into the gaps while raising
Boundary Deep Extra Cover Fantastic
The shot is made on the first ball and
Sent outside the border
A Prudent on a Philosophy L.C. 16
Warriors looking to play for the big one outside
Edges one run at short third man
1.5 17 par Ek Kisko Hoga Khatarnak Semo
Struckers or Prudent Warriors
1.5 17 for one last ball of the second 36
Now to get 19 balls
Left it a very good ball full end
Delivery into the block hole quick single take
and good
Running so single to the end of the over to gun 18
Four Prudent Warriors
18 after two overs
[music]
Simo Strikers
Both the batsmen were dismissed and became
Self
Sher back to back wickets
Suyog has done magic for the opposing team
made to
Uncontrollable two teams on three 20
Three is now a hat-trick
Is this a chance for a hat-trick?
Such a big team has been destroyed
Simbo Strikers
Ne so yer we go hat-trick
Ball Suyog New Batsman Nikunj
Upadhyay Coming at Number Five
left hand batsman
Left o' the wicket just shot off the lunge on
Fielder's only single
Run One Big Over
Required from Pun Warriors to Win Couple
of more wickets to create more drama from
Simple Striker Lets
C 32 runs and 14
ball full toss ball in the air
ball and this and a
Wicket here
But good bowling performance is good
back to back wickets by
Good bowling from Seo, just conceded three runs
and three wickets
Very good bowling performance there.
Game changing of this match by Suyog
moment
I am converting bowlers here
Suyog has put me under pressure
Prudent Warriors have been put
Now the new better Krishnaji Singh comes to the
crease 13 balls 32
last run of this over
ball Suyog left arm over the wicket Krishnaji
Lion
I will do a reverse shot.
The over will be completed with a dot ball.
End: Once again, loud applause for good luck
Very good bowling, one over, three runs, three wickets
Three runs and three wickets
Now Coming Up 32 Rans N 12
Balls to be scored at 16 runs per over
Prudent Warriors have to win this match
Where did Mukund ji go, when will he return?
on batting
21 after three overs
Four after the 21st
For the last 21 runs, the score was for the loss of four wickets.
Warriors fielding has changed significantly
His hair came to the bowling
This time wide ball is signalled by Ar
Runs in extras
will increase 31 to get now 12
Two big hits from the ball will change the complexion of this match.
Could make Prudent Warriors different?
will have to show
We will have to see what Nikunj will do now.
Will try to hit big shots
Didn't get the timing right, good bowling here.
Pariksha Hair
by Nandi One 22 for four
Dent tries to hit a big shot this time.
What is the umpire's signal?
Page four
24 per four three dati
This time I have picked up the game and played with my lungs off.
for the second run in the field
will you go out yes it's out run
Second run was called for, few shots were needed
And you can see the fall of wickets here.
action replay
Throw at the right time, direct throw and
Fifth wicketkeeper Tan Prudent
Warriors Priyansh Priyanshu made that throw
did the best
throw five at 3.42
And I have caught it, I have grabbed it in a second
Atom
Catch and fall of a wicket Prudent Warriors
Simbo has been disturbed here
Strikers Fabulous Bowling
Performance Nikunj Upadhyay Caught Taken By
Vikram b Hrishikesh 3 balls 5 c 3
Run five
The ball is very good here.
bowler bowling simbo
Strikers
28 runs and 7 balls
Cache Venues
Matches: Chetan Kadam Catches
Priyanshu first ball golden
Duck 28 runs 5 balls 5 maximums in this match
to win the
Will have to see this now
batsman
Nimeshe there follow through work
27 runs and four balls this match is best
Fielding Performance by Strikers
dot ball
three balls 27
Run it has played the direction of the squall
In 25 Let's See What Will Be the Winning
Margin for Simbo Strikers
Only a single no couple of ruses
Taken so coming to the last
Ball Simo Strikers Will
Celebrate the Match
Victory, they turned around and left.
4 off 18 to win this match by 18 runs
Simbo Strikers Very Well Played
Excellent performance and with this the match
The end has come, Simbo
Striker Match Soon We Will Announce
One Oil One Team vs Ace Insurance
Brokers an Insurance Brokers one the toss
Elected to field One Ill Team One Ill One
Team and Ace Insurance Brokers quickly
Get present, game life, stay protected
V IIC Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Pvt Ltd ICICI Lombard
Health Insurance
Hello all welcome back once
Again IC IC Lombard
Brokers Premier League
2025 Saturday's Day Weekend Ka Vaar Kiski
Who will win and who will lose, it's time to
Perform It's Time To Play Office Ko Kar Do
Say goodbye to cricket, hi hi
One IL One Team S Insurance
Toss is won by one team and one team
Sunny has decided to bat
Bharadwaj Bhavesh Gurjar
So here we
Go First
Ball that won gave Judge wide starting with
Extra Atul
Offense into the Bowling Attack
Bhavesh Gurjar on strike and Sunny Na Naan
Strike so making
Appeal but not out
Two Balls Bowled One For No Loss Once Again I
Welcome all the viewers inspected watching
As
Live from JFSC Channel Fatima Kand
Knowledge
Mumbai Single Run
taken now sunny sir will take
Strike We Are Waiting For This Moment
Crowd is exciting let's see now it's
Time to perform it's time to get some
Ranj Sunny Sir Strikes First Ball Very
Well played it's gun for
four what a
strike excellent shot short pitch ball
The ball has been melted, what a good pull shot
From Sunny For
Rans Four Boss Bo Six Fur No
Los One Oil One Team
Quick Single Taken Excellent
Running Quality
Batting from Mr. Sunny
Sir five balls bowled Sen for no wicket one
Isle One Team
Last ball now coming up of the first over
five balls bowled Sen F no
Wicket well left by the batter that could be given
Wide from umpire Mr Prashant
Rege five balls eight runs no wickets
I have not cut it, I have stolen a run from the over.
of
End so one overs gone nine for no wickets
One Oil One Team
Sus Something Different Something
Magical he is fan of Rishabh
Pant's Gun for Four
Rans ts gunner fo swe region
Bhavesh at best 1.13 for no loss the score
It's very good shot in to the
Gaps sot will go the way for four runs
Excitement in the Crowd Electrifies
The environmental applause is getting thunderous.
The batting has started, one for all, team Nadni
Dhan Dhani Chowk Bhavesh and Sunny
Sir
1.21 for no loss
No runs there
1.3 No wickets on you at 17
Score and once swing in miss good
Amol wanted to play bowling back to back
Thakur is now putting pressure on the batsmen
But what audience do you want, six or
Bhavesh ji, now you will have to see four six runs.
What to do
What will you do, this is the game of seamer
slowly out
But good on this one.
Stop fourth run part
Sunny sir, there is a lot of demand from the public now.
What
Will do 1.52 F No
Loss five runs two balls one four
swing in a miss very good bowling end of the
No wicket on the piece after over two
One Oil One Team
After two overs 20 f no loss one oil one
Team Atul Once Again Na Bhavesh
The strike has been played and the shot is reversed.
Sent outside the boundary for four runs
For
Bhavesh is batting 1710 balls, three
Fours, two d one, no wickets on 24, good
Beginning One Isle One
Teams were created all over the place with different styles.
Batsman asked for two runs from the dug out
He said we should not lose wickets.
Is
No wickets at 2.22 One Oil One
Team and
Keeper good effort what missed dream broken
There was a good opportunity there, but luck
With One Is One Team Sunny Sir is at the crease now
So how to catch
Will catch the best cut shot
Played with excellent timing
D backward point and also four of the point
Run Bhavesh is full of enthusiasm and zeal.
with X in the crowd and
I am providing entertainment and am making me answer.
Break Jawab Do Desh Cha 30 Runs Any Wicket
No, the umpire whats call it outside edge and
Gun
Very well played make some noise Bhavesh
Gurjar so make some noise for Bhavesh
21 runs 13 balls 4
Fours Caught by Prajwal Wicketkeeper Caught
Behind 2.5: 30 runs for the loss of one wicket
Oil One
The team will bowl the over with a dot ball here.
One-on-one oil on 30 after three overs
One Team
Prashant is the new batsman
Score 1 on 30 after three overs
Isle One
Sunny on Team Strike
Sir, I am going for the second run very fast.
with
Boss Lovez Boss He Playing Like A
Boss one oil one team 30 fur one a couple of run
Technurus Technu 3.12
Fawcett's very good come back dot ball from
Suraj Rao
3.2 32
Fore swing in miss's permission will they come
Back for Two
More Only a Single
It's important today if you perform if you
Play Well One Point Will Be Dead In
Performance A
Prajal and the fielder long of tried to take
That's coming back for second but
No Sunny sir said now I also have to bat a little
Have to hit four and six runs
Yes, it was a message sent back to the boss.
Plays Gun For
Fore 3.5 38 Fur
One Sunny S Best Batting 12 Wittu For 3.5 38
But one is one team
last ball of this
over coming back for
Two and way demand supply you said two
Run Boss took two runs, let's go, your demand
Completed four overs, game ended at 40
one one oil one team coming up last over of the
First Innings
good batting a top batting one all one
Team Orange Army Looking Very
dangerous to very well
Played sunny sir retired out make some nose
T Catch Bun
Drop coming back for second run is good
Running Amol Thakur comes in to the
Attack Pacific
Sudhanshu New
Batter Tas Cracking
shot tapa call he will check he will ask the
Opinion of the
Fielder nesty best policy and ts go fur
Six
Runs 4.24
once upon a time
Dispatch Wt Umpire
Call it gun for
Four previous ball six 10 fur make some noise
50 runs have been scored, let's clap loudly for 50
up 52 forward
4.3 One Isle One on 4.3 52
This time the team has blown away the pace
Two runs here
Pay Now Coming Up Last Two Balls 4.4 54
For One Is One Team
Prashant Na Fur And One
Hit 15 of six come on another key
Mang come on one more hey got a wicket here
One
and so it could be behind
Out Very Well Plaid
Prashanth Asmal cameo innings 15 off 15
and no
S Quality 15 runs
Dead now the last ball of the innings can ya
Get a Maximum
Hits That Play Towards
Cow Corner Region Coming Back for Two
And to run taken so make some nose for one oil.
One Team Fantastic Performance Sunny Sir Butt
Really well make some n was again rand o apple
Two One Isle One
Three A Insurance at 56 after five overs
Brokers need to be made to win this match
is 57 runs
I get a little break
In the game of life, stay protected.
ICICI Labad Health Insurance in the game
of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of In the game of life stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Leader Health
Insurance
Hello and welcome back once again ICIC
Lombard Brokers Premier League in 2025
A hearty welcome to all once again
Excellent Performance Orange Army One Isle One
Team Insurance 5 overs 56 for three
Brokers 57 runs
Aiming beam
Gaikwad Suraj Rao and Sunny Sir L Start
First Ball
Free balls bowled four for none
Loss has been given away
Wide Sunny Sir Trite Bol Something Different
Let's See
if you can take a wicket
4 balls 6 runs no wickets 57
Lakshya S Insurance Brokers
Quotes played into gossip that will go the way
Raging Away for Four Deep Cover
5 balls, 10 runs, no wickets, good.
Aarambh S Insurance
Brokers 47 Now to Get Firm
4.1 I will go the way of good, stop no but
Vent In
Wayne Sunley Messi Enters Into The Field
Stop But Went in When Fo Run
So with the boundary and of the over expense
First over 14 runs considered by Sunny
Sir so 43 runs to get coming four overs
Left
Suraj Rao at 2 vs 2 Pho and Kiran Gyde
F for the batting
crease short page ball ts very well played a
Fielder drops late
It the chance put
Down Golden Chance Looking to Clear the Mid
wicket
Reason You Can See The Action Replay The Fielder
Tried but it's very difficult to take the
Hi
Catches a couple of runs
Added easy clean bold yes of term gone
Prashant has bowled excellently.
Calm down the opposing team
Stunner Vat
Bowler Absolute Fantastic Quick Bowling
Second ball wicket from Prashant. 16 Faves
Insurance
Brokers This is the game of cricket and one oil
Team One is a team taken
Wicket Now The New Man Uday Mandavkar
Elegantly pleated two short backward point
Single Run
Off The Mark V Single Na Suraj Ra
Strike swing misses ts good bowling every
Dot ball shear up and maximum support for
Orange Army in the commentary
Box 1
holy
As the Keeper Tried But Just Went Over Him An
Single
Run one the pa 18 one 39 now coming 19
Ball S Insurance
It remains to be seen whether the brokers will do something amazing.
Will cause some havoc to the opposing team
will make you rich
This time the shot off the pitch went a little directionless.
Tries to bowl a length but outside off stump
went
Gai 1.5 19 Fav A Insurance
Brokers t very good shot something special
Something
Uday has done now into big
Tragic Fantastic So Beautiful So Again
And so well connected it was just looking
Like
wa so six to the end of the over two overs
32 runs needed off 25 in next 18 overs
No over in 18 balls
So what do you say friends, Orange Army or
Green Army who, ...
Absolute will win more than the Orange Army
There are supporters
Now the drowning here has stopped and has fallen.
Please send it quickly, comment box
Hot vada in
Pav thank you very much your support more
Energy Will Be in the Commentary Box
Thank you for all the support all ICICI Lord
Employee Thank You Very
Match two the one 27 on a y score this
Insurance
Brokers only a single run good fielding
Good throw a deep cover
Fielder 29 from 16
Balls Akashi Full Toss
Oho this is some different strategy to inject batter
to do
Strategy No Ball and Free Hit Signal Ba
The
The umpire gives a new ball to a bowler on 2nd and 30th.
Please get me shoes, their laces keep coming off
is going
2.2
341 played this time
There is a fielder near short mid
Wicket One Single Run Taken Still in this match
Jaan is the great pride of the One Oil team
26 runs in 15 balls
Full toss ball and just batten down the ground
Towards sn umpire single no
ball no ball
Signaled A
Cracking Very Professional Umpiring
One for two dati 34
So couple of
Two Balls and Tus
over get cancel no new
Bowler needs 23 runs now in 15 balls, two big hits
This could change the complexion of the match.
and some
Wicket One Oil One
Team Rohit
Singh is very good
Catch Excellent Taken Running Catch One of the
Hard catch to take but the fielder is very
Comfortable, very strong and very
Energetic Absolute
Fantastic One More
Run This Matta Aerial
Rude Caught Caught The Call And He E
taken so
Finally wicket or waiting for the moment
waiting for the
Wicket Something Special One Isle One Team Orange
Army doing some magic opposite team
has turned tragic
Three overs of play finished at 36 for two.
Friends, this match has become very exciting.
21 runs needed in two overs
So here we go coming up last to over 21
Rans ts
Wide 20 runs from 12 balls
The Fielder
There miss feed a gun for four run this is the
pressure of the
Match the fielder at corner region try to
Stop Darshan
Replay but able to collect and put for
Four
16 Now to Get 11 Balls
left straight down ground long off fielder
Lung of the Lung
Off and Lug
Of very good running between the wickets
The Green Army is Looking Very Dangerous But
One is one team is more dangerous than
AI 14 Rans 10
Balls Lucky The Better There
3.3 44 Fatu 13 Now to get Na Ball Na Ball
Left 13 Rins Naan
Balls a something different no run pressure
Pressure and Pressure
Now 13 Runs
eight ball
Left one big hit can change the course of the
match this is very good bowling pitched all off
Stum vent bit low and its region the ball di
Came on the bat it's a dot ball so very
Important Golden Dot Ball at This Moment
Back to back wat gold bowling from
Prashant 13 Now To Get From Seven
Balls so only a single Orange Army doing
something special on the field something
One in a broker will also see this end of the
Over number four: 45 ft. Need 12 runs in one over.
Run Here QuickTime DRM QuickTime
Discussion: Boss called for meeting, what will
B the
Strategy who will say the final
Over Absolute Dramatic
And one of the best matches of now very
What would Close say: 12 runs needed in one over?
The audience is yours
Mind who will win this match who will lose Orange
Army or Green Army
If the Orange Orange team wins, I
Giving Orange Use
Hoga Come On Orange Team Let's Su
Up So R V
Go Final
ova rohit singh now in the
Attack five balls 11
Call for a run out
is 10 rons fi bal
This gun has aerial route and distance is unknown.
Gun Ts
Wicket Orange Army has done something
Fantastic Something Magic
T Sup F Fus Magically Magical
Wicket Very Well Played
Uday 16 of Na Balls O End
S So Ton To
Get 10 runs off four balls
only a single
Run Nan to Get Three Balls
Left now Atul on
Strike the Plaid Ear
Region Coming Back For
Two and a couple of runs
Taken seven runs two
Ball wide ball come here and extra
Run One Big Hit Now Required Six Runs
Two Balls Left
Outside edge backward region only a single run
So five runs to
get yes no yes
No, you have to chase there is no tag compulsory.
r to
Chase one ball five
Run o he's clean bowled yes absolutely
Fantastic
So beautiful, so energetic, so excellent
So Powerful and So Joyful One Oil One Team
You have mine
Salaam One All One Team One by Four
Rans it's time to take some short break and
Will come back for the next match stay tuned
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
of life stay protected v ICICI
Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the Game of Life In the Game of Life in the
Game of life stay protected with in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICC About Health
Hello and welcome back once again ICIC
Lombard Brokers Premier League
205 Simbo Strikers vs WWE
So at the center Simbo Strikers one the toss
elected to
Bat First Ball and First Ball Very Well
Played into the gaps for the fielder tried
Butt Ball Win
Race Played at Deep Sp Fo Javed Sheikh
Strikes First Ball F
Fo Javed Sheikh Nazir Sheikh No Non Strike
Tushar Gupta start the proceedings from
WTW
Right Round the
Wicket Looking For One More Run Direct
Tho only
Single two balls later, no wicket on five.
Hearty greetings to all once
Good welcome, good crowd, good support
There will be good excitement here
Tarang Simbo Strikers
Three balls, six runs, no wickets
No
Now to change name Sonit Gomas and Nazir Sheikh
Four juice very well
Plaid Phone Balls Ball
Fano Simo
Striker takes a cracking shot in the air
Bounce to Bounce Pho at Lung
T vent aerial route looking to play clear the
Infield for 400 runs off four runs
after five balls
bold 14 f no
Los Sonit Gomas Cracking Start 1 Fourth Pho
Last Ball of the First
Over Jug
made the infield clear
done and with excellent timing
sent out of bounds
Four so very good start cracking
Start Round of Applause Simbo Striker
18 runs in one over, a great start.
Beginning One Wa Gun 18 For No Los Simbo
Strikers
Absolute WAT Crowd Previous Match Really
enjoy the
Moment in the Commentary Box L and Orange
Army many supporters take the energy and
That's the vibe should come on and it will only
Be Seen in ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League Thank You Very Much All the Crowd
Spectators and Viewers
Chance and Taken Looking to Play Something
Different Scoop
Shot the Sway Feeder Makes No
Mistake: First wicket fall of Simo
Strikers
Vinod has done the job
First wicket falls here
But I wanted to play with a different style.
Simbo Strikers lose their first wicket.
Wicket taken by Vishwanath R and caught by Atal Bihari Vajpayee
New Better Now Priyanshu
Jan na the track hi hai dispatch hi hai st
and deposited outside the park into the cuff
Six Fantastic Fabulous
Absolute mind blowing
Batting performance since scar what start
Once again this something special what's going on
Watching this match and playing video games
On Priyanshu Jain best first ball since
Four Yeh Dil Maange
Peacock 1.3 28
Fave Powerful
Strike Firing Start
Priyanshu Jan Something Special Today This Time
straight not
Ground Sunny Sir Hai Dup
Catch Spectacled Delinquency
R Previous Ball Six Than Four Than Six
Si
1.4 34
Fave Absolute Wad Batting Priyansh Jain 16 of
O and S Three
Balls pleated and all vent for maximum t
strike d of 533 would you believe
It's oh lucky, very lucky
that or
Chance Carry The
to move the ball from place to place and hit a shot
This time the effort was for one run.
Keep the strike together and finish the over
O's game over for 35 at Simbo Strikers
Excellent batting performance, good start
Now in the next three overs
Now if runs are scored at 17.50 then 70 runs
Simbo Strikers will cross the mark
So welcome back once again those watching us live
You are watching ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League
2025 Day One in Progress
So the corporate players are ready today.
Naiya will send the ball
Par No Work Today No Tension Today Just Play
Cricket and Win the
Cricket, give a reverse shot, turn it around
Live the player by turning, wah wah four runs
with T
Boundary Sonnet Priyanshu Jain Fenty 21 Off
Six Balls U Foo End
See Looking Very Dangerous Today
Looking to Play Once
Again Reverse
Shot a this tom block hole from tushar
Gupta only a single run with leg by Sinal
Ba
Anpa two Darshan Lok two 40 par one simbo
Strikers Score
Full toss ball dispatch long way o one bounce
over the
Fielder Tennis Ball Will
Dance No Chance To
Stop it will bounce it will go
They are two visions of a sim on 4
Striker has pulled the fruit toss ball
Signalling no ball on Swem is the icing on the cake
runs are scored
And and it went
Found four here
Muf's Run Five
Run two
Dati 49
Fav wanted to play this time, Lem went outside
The ball went to the backward region, the fielder was running
The ball is going
And it will run faster
How many runs came as early leg byes?
The runs have come
I leg by absolute good running between the
wickets
Priyan Shoe Zone And Sonnet
Gomes
O just put down chance very well tried the
The fielder lunges off and collects the ball to over him.
One More Run
Four runs taken
what a Rans
Tekken 2.4 2.5 55
W fielder at point region good stop coming
Back for
to end what a start what a
Batting Make Some Noise Big Round of Applause Three
57 overs at 19 runs per over
What an over, what a batting, what a style
What passion is there?
Tus very well played excellent shot bay ghuma
four of
Run with the boundary, the score is now 61 for
One Tejas Panchal comes into the
I think the attack will reach 80 runs.
This will have to be seen
3.3 66 Fur One Back to Back
boundaries
Partnership 15 balls 48 runs would you believe
It so you can say 15 runs last 15 runs
50 runs came in 15 balls 50 runs came in 15 balls
Run played him this time
The fielder could not catch it, it went
The ball went to the seamer
Four back to back Kankut outside
Four balls in a row, banging across
3.5 at 74
a sonnet
Gomes 13 balls 43 runs A
Force it's one more boundy what is this going
on 21 runs conceded in two very much
Expensive four over 78 for a simbo
Strikers
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance
In the game of In the game of life stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard
Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected V
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
So hello all welcome back once again what
contest wut play something
different sus something
Special 79 run chase for Weaver
Game Swing Miss First Ball Vishwa Kiran On
Strike Amit on Non Strike Suyog
Started the president from Simbo
Strikers
Welcome back once again all the vy spectators
Now It's Time
To do something special now the lights are on
play is
On Now in the Lights
For the shining star shining over here
Lights after two balls bowled one Furno
Los W T
W Here's the opportunity and I've grabbed it.
has caught and taken the wicket
First wicket for Bal of WB looking
To Play Something Different and Simple Cachikan
At Point
Region very all wicket fall off
WW Simbo Strikers
Strikes Suyog Good Bowling Performance The
Target of 79 to chase in four overs is not
Easy to
All upcoming chase matches will now be four overs.
k and due to time constraints
Not five overs, but four
This game of over four overs is amazing.
Sports Nad New Batsman Tejas
Panchal on batting
Aavela has played this time with good timing.
would like to go for two runs with
Sure good stop there covers
and stole two runs
Four balls three to one W
W's not just outside the off-top line
Wide Sil Ba
umpire umpire fraying his
arms singling wide
Ball four ball four run one
Wicket Mid-on fielder Direct hit Some
Taxes may also be a matter
You can see the action there.
The ball went too high on replays.
K Last Bal First
Over down the track jag banai bez diya hai
I have broken it, I have broken the bowler, I have twisted it.
It is given
Run One Gun 11 F One 68 Run Now To Get Fm
Three
overs singles
Doubles won't do you any good, sixes and fours
22 runs per innings
68 runs 18
The ball started very early here on the first day.
ICICI Lombard Brokers Premier League
A very good start to the new year in 2025
New beginning, new enthusiasm, new excitement
Anand Crowd Enjoying Ga
watching anyone from the
World's Elegantly Wrecked Hit Could Be
Gun Can See the Action
Ripley Looking to Play Something Different
fielder was there at
Covers Single Run Taken
Now Requires 23
overs cracking to long off fielder good
Stop Great
Throw ya good arms lunge
Fielder 1.2 14 Fur One
The lung fielder said I made a good throw.
Why did they not collect?
Kia ots clean buld in to the block hole
what a bowling what a player
Rishikesh is absolutely fantastic what a
There is no chance of bowling here, batsman.
to not even time to place that ball
Defensively, it's a clean bowl end.
gone second wicket
Fall Vishwa Kiran Departs Nine of Five Ball
With One Maximum 1.3 1442 W
So Now Coming Up All The Matches Of Today League
Matches will be taken for four overs due to some
Time constraint y to complete the next
Remaining Matches of the Day
One Now the New Better
Vinod Trang to Bal Something Different
Outside of them just went white ball sign
bye the umpire
One dati at 15
Two 15-ball 64
The ball going into the run backward region
It remains to be seen what the umpire's signal will be.
Run two as leg bye
Run
1.414 WB 62 to get farm
We need some power hitter like Priyanshu
Jane Like Mangesh Jagtap Can Vinod and Tejas
will make it
Possible Everything Is Impossible Because I Am
possible
1.5 Fatu Umpire Sin No
Balls so 58 runs to get 2.1 overs left
free hit ball
Now Tejas Pa La On
Strike short pitch ball takes a quick one
And absolute good bowling
Performance so good over at Rans and One
Wicket: Hirsh Kesh 58 for 21 after two overs
29 runs needed in the next two overs
Five big hits per over
One Mo Range Juice One All One Team Once Again Back
Orange Army
back l stay tune l take shut break and come
Back in the Game of Life Stay Protected
IIC Lord Health Insurance
So coming up last but first
Over
O y drop the
Catch yes, it's because he will drop the catch.
B Awarded One Plus in Appraisals
If it is a catch by Sunny Sir then he gets one point.
will go so to run to the end of the over what
Start One Was Gun Na F One One Is One Team
One wicket loss for nine after one over
But now he has come to bowl the second over.
There are 25 numbers
The jersey has been sent to fine leg
Go for two runs in the direction where the fielder is present.
I am running fast, good running
between the wickets
It's been going wide outside the office
Line so the score card will get refreshed
Now Here We Go 1.1 12 F V
Jitendra Now With
Bowling this time very good bowling no chance
For the batter to go for big hitting
Play Towards Point and Single
Taken Mr. Sunny Sir on Strike
Now that's a very good shot into the gaps.
Go the way for foreigners
First boundary from his bat very well
Plaid Taking the Advantage of
The Fielding
They no feeder there and went for
Four bats, the fielder tried at cover point
Region Yes Takes One More Cash
Dropped they have something special Sunny sir
All the catches are being dropped here.
But the fielder has turned the tables.
The ball sticks to his hands, good effort there.
But
IC IC Lombard Rockers Premier League
Day One In
Progress we have good support good crowd
All excitement, all absolute fantastic.
Players good support and all is going well
L is
Well Arshad Ansari comes
Attack this time a swing in a
Miss looking to play someplace different
Try to make the slow tempo mix with
Will confuse the batsman while doing this
Good bowler, good turn
swing a
Ansari Two The Two 20 on One One Isle One
The team does this with a different style
Bowling batsman has no chance
hit kill
So this is turning out to be good over three.
Balls bowled by just one run from Arshad
Ansari is very well played that will go one
Bounce to bounce the fielder o he has stopped
It's so very good fielding we can see the action
Ripley waited for the ball to
Turn and the Fielder's Point
Fielder very well saved
Couple of Run Taken to Run Say for the
Team looking for couple of runs only settle for
Single 2.5 24 Fv Oneal One
Team Last Ball of the Third
over sa sir on strike eight of six he got a
Forest
Boundary is excellent
Shot and what a missed third catch here, dream
broken linen
Sir and here the fielder made a good effort, you see.
Can replay the action but with their hands
Ball slips
Gayi so very well played Sunny sir make some noise
excellent
Performance One
Boundary three overs later, one one all on 26
Team Now Coming Up The Final Over Of The First
innings
This time he has played the game in a twisted manner, take the fine
In which direction did the ball go? Where did the ball go?
Excellent shot for four runs by umpire E
Dancing signaling fur
3.1 342 One All One
Team will score maximum runs in the final over
Set up something different target will they get
45 plus
T's Cracking Shot Stand
Deliver Six
Run, excellent shot of the seamer, it went over
Sixer, good timing, good shot.
There is a blistering six across
Run back to back consecutive boundaries
First ball went for four then for six
This is turning out to be a big over 10 runs
already in first to
Balls are gun for wide ball more runs will
to the
Total 3.2 37 for two One All One Team
And here
But there was a chance, you can see the action here.
The replay slipped from their hands.
Ball's luck slipped
He has played a reverse shot in the gap.
Sent outside seamer for a blistering four
Run-scoring is fast-paced batting
Continued and
two of four
demand and two and two four demand last two
The ball is played and
Big
Six what a shot switch hit very well
Plaid is V
Sean and I'm gone for a big
what about the forest
He turned the whole crowd upside down
It is very heavy
Hard last ball na coming up of the first
Inning 48
Fatu 22 Ras Ins Over Would You Believe
It Once Again Will
Goat will go the way for four 26 Rus came in
T
Over wat a start wat bung performance orange
Army full energetic full powerful full josh
And full passion four over 52 for two MI BL
has to score 53 runs in the next four overs
See you soon after a short break
went like this and like this
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the Game
Of Life Stay Protected with ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
Hello once again welcome back oneal one team m
IBL 53 Target Four Overs First
Ball o very close to the
stems white sign ba
Umpire Arshad Ansari no strike Shavan Kumar
Dubey is on non-strike Prashant
started the
Proceedings now is a powerful strike
Into the gap, Juttle raging away for four eight
point
Reason Silence in the Orange Army Crowd
MI BL Chess 53 in 24 balls 2nd ball
First ball went for wide now first ball
For this is something special starting to be
Done Arshad Ansari first ball striking
For
Four ts cracking do o the feeder he
Tried very good fielding by Sunny sir only
Will be this point with he can just go more
Two steps back so he can get easy
Catch it's all about timing it's all about
function of second y to reflection on the
Field Very Important
Now's cracking one into the gap
It's very good fielding
all the
Appreciation Couple of Runs
Taken Swing in Miss Big
appeal could come back
Very good come back for b bo fur no loss me
BL was again very close just over
Stems Once Again Swing a
Miss A Tu Bol Variation Trang Tu Bol
Something Special Putting Pressure
Tus Gun Big
one up aba da v so high like diamond in the
Sky Absolute Fantastic Dust F
Shivan Kumar Dubey Best One Va Gun 14 3 Two
Get from Overs
Requiem juice over
So the discussion will be to sabotage and this
The match has to be won by Shavan Kumar Dubey Arshad
Ansari so coming up the second o will
Ball This Will Be Very Crucial
The over will tell the result of the match coming
Overs Who Will Win Who Will
Loose Here Comes Rohit Singh
39 from
Cracking shot ya call ts gun for four wt
Happen the long region have luck action
Replays
It's miss fed by the fielder at lung of
1.11 Phno
Loss of time to play towards the mid-wicket region
Coming back for second good running
It's a cracking shot deep extra to the
Fielder E
Place Single Run
1.3 21 runs no wicket 32 ​​runs 15 balls
No wicket, Shravan bats well
Kumar Dubey and Ashad Ansari a little more
accelerate
This time he played towards mid-wicket.
Best throw in the field only a single run
So 31 to get coming 14
Balls Rohit Singh coming last two balls off
Over send back Simon go
Back ts been g wide ba
Umpire Umpire Mi Na Der
this time of fair
Delivery 30 rs now from
13 This Is Something Special This Is A Cracker
and stunner of Biggie and Six
Run what a shot powerful hits his gun all the way
For
Six at the end of the over to Gun 29 for no loss
And to over left 24 to get easy pick now
Arshad Ansari A Shravan Kumar Dubey et
Best They Performing Well Striking Well
Na This Very Easy One Big Hit Couple of Hits
Can make the chase easy for MIBL silence
In the Crowd One
Team Now It's Very Easy to Chase Coming 24
Runs and 12 balls something special something
Magical this over will be very cruel over
bem ch jo hai on lone on run
Banaya so de six
Mane 29 for no loss
Taking this one of the big six of
The tournament turned very much high in the air
Dis Pach It's Gun in the Parking
Stand Six
Run Shawn Kumar Dubey Second Big Hit Watt
Batting with strike 2.5 not just 18 to get
The Big
and ts
It Silence in the Orange Army
Crowd This
[music]
Time to run absolutely fantastic this
is something magical, something stunning and something
Powerful hitter Shravan Kumar Dubey at his
Best
Back to back Kankut Boundary 14
Rans ts cracking hit stand wat very much
Hi Coming Back F To N
Single and tomorrow
Checking o this very good fielding single run
So Just 13 to Get Nine Balls
Left Straight Down
Ground Very Good Fielding Good Stop
Still the passion, still the passion, still the fight
Battle on
Orange Army Trang The Level Best To Save
This
Match is a big one, biggest of the nights
Biggest of the day what a shot what a
Player Shawn Kumar Dubey is a powerful hitter.
striker 2.5
47 He continues his explosive batting
I ate butter for breakfast
Khari One Ball
I haven't finished the leftovers at all.
Looks like I will complete it in this ball itself
One ball left in this over, six runs
Shravan Kumar Dubey should come out from AI
very much
Dangerous 26 runs no ball ekti
Si played long on
Single to end of will take strike in
Last over 5 runs MIBL 5 overs score 48
for no
Los now bowling with a different style
Gotta take a wicket, gotta do some magic
So the magic will have to be mercy
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the game of
Life Stay Protected vs ICICI Lord
Health Insurance
To
don't go no no
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Hello, hope you enjoy, hope you are doing good once
again we are
Back Next Match in Is Now UIB India
Versus Laken
OK, so can I have some correction with the scorer?
Left Aid
Side Howden vs Ton Bo Ok he will make
Even
Correction so the next
Match Next Match Coming Up Umpire E Checking
Confirmation from the
Scorer Can Hold
It's played o' the catch has been put down
Chance the fielder there at point
Four bowlers for four, no wickets, good
Lawton starts here after winning the toss
Decided to bowl first
The team name is very unique: Absolute Fantastic
something different something
Special Into the Block Whole Once Again Not
Along the batsman go for big hit good
Stott from
Mangesh Coming Up The Last Bal of the First
Over just considered fi rus by
Mangesh Kan C Now Last Ball
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected Vs
Lombard Health Insurance
So we are back now, not the game after one over.
five runs no wickets
No, now end bowling attack Kunal Tanna
Aniket was batting and for Vishal was batting and for
Looking to play for Big One Tas Gun Hind Air
Laid between the two fielders single
Run 1.37 Fno Ls
Howden Vishal End
Aniket this opening per let's see
Now they have to give something big hitting
Now swing in, miss, very good bowling.
Changing bowling variations Kunal
Tanna just considered to run four balls
Bold good start here
But this is the reason after winning the toss
Fielding decision
picked it up this time
is of one run
1.58 for no loss for Howden last ball of the
Second and coming
Up and After This Only Two Over Left Four
Over Match League Match Now Reduce From Fives
Initially we started due to time
Constraints
1.58 Last ball to Kunal
So very just close, Stam Lucky the batsman
He survived that past a period of very good bowling.
Kunal Tanna Make Some No Kunal Tanna Ra O
Apple just considered the
Runs after two overs, no runs, no wickets
Good start by Lakan
Lock Ton completely locked the Howden team
Someone has made a big stroke to create a fuss.
Mane's efforts are not yielding
Na Coming Up The Third
Over Once
Again Absolutely Good
Bowling and scene in this pitch medium pacer and
Spin Attack
no magical role in this
Pitch so Hemant Wadkar into the attack
Anish
Puppies once again not along the
Batsman to hit for a big hit excellent
Bowling
Performance by
Lawton so scorer make a note bowler e
Aniket you can have check
Confirmation 2.5 10 rms no
Wicket so Lock ton will chase very low target
Let's See One Over Left After This
It's pleaded, it's gun for four.
So three was gun 14 fur one's got run
out coming up the final over of the first
innings
IC Lombard Brokers Premier League Day
One in Progress League match in
Progress is going to happen
Hi Watt Calls Ts Gun Fur Six Run Maximum T
what shot very well
Played Clean Strike Clean Hit Rama
Krishnan first ball first six
Strike Ya Can See The Action Replay
This time played at lung on region
Pacha Six Rasa At Sway
Jaden Can See The Action Replay Shuttle and Pud
Away Absolute Fantastic Dust Fur Si
Good timing, great power, what strategy?
Player
3.37 Excellent batting performance, now some runs
We will attach the ball here
Ramakrishnan will break this record, so far 13 have come in this O
Run
3.3 now at 3.48 as a run lake buy
One
Will we see two more hits for 40 runs?
cross the mark
Will try for two runs
will go
Sure 3.5 341 Last Ball Coming Up Of The
innings
Can Get Maximum Hit
K Gate
Boundary Plateau Longan Regional Come Back Ft to the
I will be at the non
striker striker a now and
T so single run final ball four overs gun 31
One the target 32 ​​to chase confidently they can win
A juice per over 3
So we'll take a short break and come
Back in the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected vs ICICI
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Shown Le Auto
Pekar Auto Tax
do it wow
Amazing is also correct
Hello and Welcome Back Once
Again Lock Ton Will
Chase so but who will chase and who will win the race
Coming Up Once Again Welcome Back Once Again
ICEC Lord Brokers Premier League League
32 to get from four overs Nitin Verma
Strike Mangesh Non Strike Rama Krishnan
will commence the proceedings first
Ball Make Some Noise Loud Ta
Umpire signalling no
Ball and
Wt umpire checking discussing
So this is the end of discussion, the play will
On/Off Signalling No
Ball 1st ball no ball
Rai The
[music]
Fielder good stop at point
Region couple of runs one box ball three for nine
Wicket: Nitin Verma on strike: Mangesh N
non-strike
Ramakrishnan started the proceedings
From
Howden this time plays towards mid wicket
Region
Coming back for
Second time call is well inside the crease
comfortable
In a couple of runs taken two balls later on five.
No wicket, good start here, Lucknow
by now 27
Run 3.4
There I have played in the gap of fine lake
played in the direction
The ball is here before it goes to Bund La.
Wait
The anger is gone and
Three runs will be added here
Lagi after three balls a fur no loss lakan 24
No
to get from
21 This is very easy
Win Just Hit Some Few
Boundaries take a single run and
Relax, good fielding there at short fine
Leg V has seen excitement in the crowd V
There is excitement both the team fighting well
With
Battle End Day One in Progress What Starts Right
Event ICEC Lombard Brokers Premier
League Ts Clear The In Field Absolute
Fantastic no chance stop tut will go further fo
Advantage Taken of the Power
Play short pitch ball, if you ball he will be punished
Avery
Time so with the boundary now the score will
move on
It's Once Again in the Air The Fielder's Corner
Region single run taken couple of
Rans so good batting performance good
Start still waiting for the score card
to get updated yes to get updated fifth ball
Aint for four last ball for a couple of runs
No wicket for 15 runs, only 17 runs after the over.
Run 18 Gun
Fifth note of musical scale
L
tomorrow morning
how much here
It's mine
This time the game has been played in the area of ​​Lang Na.
The over will end with one run.
12 runs to be scored in the next two overs
Play is over for 20 runs with no wickets in hand.
Great
atm wad afar to
Take Chance Has Been Put
Down 10 to get from 10 balls
He has played in the air here for the second run.
being taken
Running fast
Hue Lock Ton's bang
This is a batsman, this is a brave man, this is a male eagle.
This is awesome
Batsman now a to get from nine balls
One towards backward region they are running
They are running and they just
Running Three Runs Taken Just Fight to Win For
Lakan no wickets
Nitin Verma And
Mangesh very well
Plaid at Balls France
It's played hi in the
Air Wash Lung on Couple of Runs Taken
So one over left just to
Get three overs, no wickets for 30
No, only two runs are needed to win this match.
For
Lawton is
After this, the next four games will be of four overs each.
All league matches will be played today.
Complete for Day 2 in the qualifier round
will go
Started playing defensively this time
There are some here with good bowling styles
At once
If Vishal Jadhav bowls this over with the right length
If you bowl then you will win this match.
Cant swing and miss four balls two runs
I need something different, something special
Cricket may return in this match
Of
The game can be anything
Oat taken this something special how done yet
In the match, the match is still there. Picture Abhi
The rest is I did not lose, you won.
No Jinesh catcher at lung of he tex simple
caught Nitin Verma played well 19 off 14 balls
o still what match
Three balls, two runs
Need
Here under Lawton pressure, he suddenly
Time changed, emotions changed, life changed
The color and form changed, the game changed, easy
The target was
Harden's jaws are now made harder
Player scores a run here
Sent one run is scored so need
Forest Run
Now run fast here
Better Just One Run Now
Required to Ball
Left and it's the end of the match but
One by nine wickets very much
Congratulation
very well
Plaid Coming Up Next
Match Stay Tuned for the Next
Match ICS Lombard Brocas Premier League
Day One in Progress and Some Matches Left For
The Day
One is it the next match between Lawton and
UIB
India in the game of life stay protected
With ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected V
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
White ball will start with a run
Beginning Between
Ragna Titan vs Anla Striker at the
Center Ragna Titan No Toss Taken To Butt
strike
First Very Good Catch
Taken mid-off fielder makes no mistake
Very Good Catch and Gun
f ok
It became very dark
The
Fielder to collect ball to shut third man couple
Off Run
Taken to end of the over, four after one over
Runs: Titans four runs for the loss of two wickets
And two wickets Kedar Laya heavy bowling
Year Watching ICICI Lord Brokers
Premier League
2025 Spected Watching Us Live New Channel J
FSC Live from Fatima Cricket Ground
Mumbai First
Day First Day Many Show It's Time To Glow
It's time to
Glow, four runs, two wickets after one over
Rugana Titans on a loss and a great start
Uni Light Strikers here
Now some decoration is being done in fielding
Hey Mahesh
Shetty
Bowling short pace ball good
The ball became
out silent
Celebrations take place outside to see the action
Replay: Good catch taken by wicketkeeper and
The blue sea fell upon the green
Turn 1.14 feet
1.14
Fath in the first over, two wickets
Taken by Kedar and Na Mahesh
Shetty First
ball Sandeep Pawar
Good
Reflection Good Follow Through Mahesh
Shetty, Sandeep Pawar and Faizal on the nun strike
Khan na patu just four runs on the
Board Short Pitch Ball Looking to Play
Something Special Big Looking For
to send
Back Good Start from Uni Lite
Strikers
Three Faisal Khans on one Dashti Pa
strike outside edge backward region fielder
what happened there
But business gal phat la aa chowk
Can See The Action Replayy Di Carrie and T.T.F.
Pho Backwards
Region 1.4 943 ruba
Titans Faisal
Khan swings and attempts to hit big shots
Totally Beat Ho
Went
Last three days of Isvara at 1.59
played the ball to
One run over ends
So after two overs 10 p three after two overs
10th over per 10 runs wicket winning titles
Two overs for 10
Three
only single run
Now so great, good start here.
ICICI Lombard Brokers Premier
League Day 1: Great Day: Awesome Day
powerful
There is excitement, enthusiasm, passion in the day round
There is power, there is passion, there is strength and there is skill
With the white ball the score will be 12
Three two teams one rub
This time the Titans have played straight bat
What else is there from
Result: Ball gone for four runs
2.2 16 F
3 to swing an a miss outside the of tum
line white ball
Fat ots catch has been
Drop looking to play on side vent of
Side Looking London Talking Tokyo and The Catch
has been dropped
2.3 Putting three on 19
The Titans raced to a quick run here.
is 2.4 20 per three rub
Titans will try after this over or
Abhi Outside Edge
After hitting the ball, it turns slightly.
The two met because of
Run 2.5 22 first run
Titans last ball of the third over coming
Up takes a cracking shot into the gap feed very
Well Tried Athletic Work Makes Some Nose Round
Off Apple Watt Good Fielding
Absolute It's Fielding
Energetic like Glenn Maxwell
Late Won Sean Glenn Maxwell Fantastic Catch
In Big
Bash Same Type of Fielding the Energy The
Josh on the Field
Sri Wasim 24th coming up the final over of the
First Innings
24 runs for the loss of three wickets now
Arvind played a single towards Swe.
stole
We have to see five balls left in this over.
How many rants can some sabotage create?
and make the match something exciting
This time it was hit hard in the long off region.
Score ahead by just one run in
will increase by 26 pts.
3.2 and a run from the throw here.
Couple of Runs
Taken. Two 27 p
Three truck games
Hai excellent shot banging roof sixer
Absolutely fantastic, this is what we
required this what we
Are you watching out for selling off the ropes? Faisal Khan
at is
Best 3.3 33
Fathts
Played the fielder at deep outside cover
couple of
Rans Now this is turning out good over for Ragna
Titans 11 Runs in So So
Far 3.4 35 ft
only a single
Run the backup is on good strategy uni
Light Strikers
Now Coming Up The Last Ball Of The First
Innings four and six and
Wicket a bit of a foul the fielder coming back
for two
Comfortable and to runes taken to end of the
Innings: Four overs played, 38 for 3
United Strikers need to make 39 runs
There is a short break every four overs.
After Stay
Tune in to the game of life stay protected
With ICICI Lord Health Insurance in
The Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
in the game
with something dramatic no ball signal by the
Umpire so the target to win Uni Light
Strikers 39 Ranj Madhav Kadam Mahesh Shetty
And from Ragna Tat
Ruby
More IC I C Labad Naks Pra
League Fantastic Day Today Excitement
Crowd Led the Cheer
You really have a good day and I'm expecting more.
Double Energy Fum Orange Army
Tomorrow is a very good shot gun for
Four lung function replay shut ball and clear the
Infield feed from Langan but ball vs race out
Feeds Very Fast
Mahesh Shetty batted for four runs.
For this is the strangest game of cricket ever.
Who will become the match of happiness and sorrow?
Singham scored four runs in the last ball and now
wicket
He went to hit a big shot but he got killed.
Moeen Ali Strikers Mahesh Shetty Catch No
Ba Dheeraj one second ball four off two balls with
one four two balls bowled six fur
One Rahul
Dubey Coming A Number
Three short backward point to third man
Rahul for one run
Dubey of the Man
Single on strike, Madhav is here
Kadam Nathni Nakhat Chowk Demand
But he played lightly and stole a run.
taken
Very good running maintenance of the wickets
Four balls, eight runs, one wicket, Uni Light
Strikers now need 31 to win
Runs coming in 20 balls
Side
The ball is going edge, the fielders are running
Who will win the ball has won this race
four runs
The green fielder loses and the green ball wins
Gaya Yunil Striker Striking Well
Batting
well game la one
Wicket five balls bowled 12 for one last ball
First
Over Chance End
Taken Once Again
So one more wicket falls to Unila Strikers
They got runs on the board but lost the wicket
forest or
Gun Get N [ __ ] 18
You give me strength 24 hours a day
Not even right
And here
Catch on
What a drop is missed and the dream is shattered once again
Unila Strikers just need to win now
22 runs with 15 balls remaining
Let the Titans do something amazing
Will you do amazing changes in the match?
do
The ball went with perfect timing.
Slowly slowly for four runs
Faisal with good timing for that something different
Wanted to bowl but Madhav Kadam
He stepped forward and sent four
The crowd here is excited, full of enthusiasm and passion.
There is power and double excitement
This is a great four for four runs.
Need some big hitting waiting for some maximum
Hit Played The
fielder every ball downed in
Chair so to run u end of the over dover after
27 for two, now I need only 12 for two
Run very good batting performance ya light
Strikers
ICICI
Lombard Brocas Premier League 2 25 League
Match in Progress
So now just nine to
Get cracking shot ts
Went Coming Back For
Second run more dead only seven runs eight
ball some mix here some match
will change the
rub
Titans Madhav Kadam good batting 20
Run 10
The ball has been played this time, still this match
I live
I'll try my best to rub it in here
Titans wicket number three fall seven runs now
Required from Seven
Balls Two Dash
Three Now the New at 32
Batter so very well played Madhav Kadam 20 runs 11
give the ball
Fours Sen Ball Sen
Rans Now Kedar N
Strike Can Get One Big Hitton
More Can Get One More
Wicket Creates More Drama
Tuts play Twork region the fielder running
Chasing ball going batsman
Running Kaliyo's thunder is coming
There are three runs on the board, one over left for
to get
35 runs in 3 overs, 3 wickets lost
Light Strikers
Harshal Jadhav and
Kedar so coming up the final over who will
Ball Manikant Singh into the attack
T was looking to play for Big
One and a couple of runs are just two required now.
Fi balls remaining
So here we go five ball two
Run for second
Will be run out, run out chance, no victory
Un Light Strikers 1 by 7 wickets
excitement in the crowd excitement in
Duck out excitement on the field and
Excitement in the commentary box it self
Very Well Plaid Uni Lite Strikers
Congratulation
For the Next
Match L Tech Shirt Break and Come
Back in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance